be who you are. stand for what you are. few people embody that better than @melindagates. enjoyed discussing… i'm going to keep speaking out on the importance of standing up to the kremlin through my work @pennbiden. my colle… rt @bidensbriefing: “we are living through a battle for the soul of this nation”: an op-ed i wrote in the days following the violence and h…i've been on the road talking about #promisemedad, the book i wrote about my son beau, but i've been most amazed li… no one who has ever met sandy winnefeld has doubted his strength or resolve. and no one who reads this article will… one of the best shines i’ve ever had. throughout my career in public service, i’ve heard a lot of great ideas, and developed a few of my own. now we want… every week, we’ll hear from leaders in business, politics, academics—and everyday americans sharing bright ideas th… today i’m announcing the launch of the biden forum, a new space for conversations about america’s future:… today, on the international day for the elimination of violence against women, let's remember all the work that rem… thank you to the #americanpromisetour moderators and thousands of readers who attended events or picked up a copy o… may today serve as a reminder of our solemn duty to look after the men and women who have served in our armed force… rt @drbiden: to all our service men and women, veterans, and military families, thank you for your sacrifice. #veteransday you’re going to make us all proud, danica. juanita perez williams ran an incredible campaign in syracuse. so proud of the work she did. and still hoping for a… and mayors like rick kriseman and joyce craig who are incredible leaders in their communities.state legislators like sara cambensy in michigan and danica roem, jennifer carroll foy, david reid, john bell, and… candidates like ralph northam and justin fairfax, who will ensure that virginia’s economic recovery continues to re… a resounding defeat tonight for president trump. voters around the country rejected the ugly politics we have seen… folks, there's an election happening tomorrow. we've got to keep our eye on the ball. let's get this done. these tragedies aren’t inevitable. don’t let hopelessness win today. we must persist in our efforts to prevent gun violence.americans again murdered in a place of worship. jill and i send our prayers to sutherland springs.don’t let politics &amp; misinformation keep your loved ones from getting health insurance. call/text them today to make sure they sign up!today is the first day to sign up for  health insurance through  deadline is december … new york, we love you. grateful to first responders who saved lives today. jill and i are keeping you all in our prayers.honored to work with a woman of great courage, my friend @ladygaga. with her leadership, and your help, we can chan… alabama, this gets to the heart of why you should vote for doug jones on december th. a man of incredible integri… rt @udbideninst: "like yesterday's factory workers, tmrw's workforce needs unions to keep the american dream alive." - @marykayhenry rt @bidensbriefing: my essay on our fight to end sexual assault on campus.  @itsonus @marieclaire #itsonus #bidensbr…looking forward to discussing my new book promise me, dad with these inspiring individuals on #americanpromisetour… rt @johnkasich: looking forward to joining vp @joebiden for a discussion at @udbideninst about how we can bridge the divide facing our nati…@johnkasich @udelaware @udbideninst there's a lot at stake, but john and i are still optimistic. i hope you'll tune… looking forward to welcoming gov @johnkasich to @udelaware @udbideninst to discuss bridging partisan divides &amp; restoring faith in governmentrt @barackobama: i'm grateful to @senjohnmccain for his lifetime of service to our country. congratulations, john, on receiving this year's…john mccain is the real deal. a model public servant. and my dear friend. i was honored to present him with the  #libertymedal tonight.unilaterally putting the iran deal at risk does not isolate iran. it isolates us: proud to be at @rutgersu today with survivors &amp; activists working to change the campus culture on sexual assault. #itsonusrt @bidenfoundation: at pm et, @joebiden will be live at @rutgersu to tell students #itsonus to end sexual assault. watch live at rt @drbiden: inspired by teachers around the globe who help students like these in zambia reach their dreams. #worldteachersday spoke to my friend jim murren, so proud of the men and women at mgm resorts. #vegasstrongjalal talabani was a champion of the us-iraq partnership and a friend, whose unifying leadership will be missed.barack &amp; michelle: all of the bidens send our love today on your th anniversary. may you have many more years of joy still to come.rt @drbiden: on this heartbreaking day, our love to families who lost loved ones &amp; gratitude to first responders in #lasvegas.how long do we let gun violence tear families apart? enough. congress &amp; the wh should act now to save lives. there's no excuse for inaction.appalled by the senseless loss of life in las vegas. jill and i hold all those affected and grieving in our hearts.rt @bidenfoundation: the bidens caught up with @barackobama and prince harry before cheering on team usa today at @invictustoronto. now is not the time to go backward—it's on all of us to stop sexual violence. there is only one way to confront hatred and prejudice: head on. well said, lt. gen silveria. we veeps stick together. jill and i, and all of the bidens, are with you, julia. steve scalise’s strength and resilience  inspire all of us. good to see you back on the job, steve.southern florida chose a proven leader and consensus builder yesterday. congratulations to @annette_taddeo, florida’s newest state senator.beau fought to protect the most vulnerable among us. thanks to my friend @barackobama for honoring his life’s work… rt @beaubidenfdn: read about the devastating case that prompted beau to train % of delaware’s population in child abuse prevention: today's title ix decision is shameful, but the law is still the law. colleges &amp; universities must honor obligations to students &amp; survivors.@udbideninst @pennypritzker @airbnb @linkedin on the @udbideninst blog, @linkedin's @allenb says better data &amp; ment… @udbideninst @pennypritzker @airbnb @linkedin following @udbideninst’s forum on work, @airbnb's @bchesky writes how… on the new @udbideninst blog, @pennypritzker, @airbnb &amp; @linkedin share strategies to help american workers succeed: sending prayers to all who lost loved ones in the devastating earthquake. we are seeing the resilience and heart of the mexican people.#itsonus is making great progress toward ending sexual assault, but today we face new challenges: just had the chance to see president trump's golf swing tweet. enough. this has to stop. our children are watching.here's a path forward to choose a future that puts work first: my new initiative at the biden institute will identify strategies for building a future of quality jobs: america is strongest when we lead with our values—at home and abroad.  years ago today, the violence against women act became law. vawa is changing the culture &amp; saving lives, but our work continues. #vawa years ago today, terror tried to break us. it did not, and will never, succeed. our grit &amp; determination are the strongest force i know.jill and i are praying for the safety of everyone in the path of hurricane irma this weekend. stay strong - the country stands with you.any change that weakens title ix protections will be devastating: brought by parents, these children had no choice in coming here. now they'll be sent to countries they've never known. cruel. not america."we are living through a battle for the soul of this nation.a first look at the cover for my new book, promise me, dad  praying tonight for the victims of #barcelona attack &amp; their families. heinous acts of terror cannot break the spirit of our spanish friendsthere is only one side. #charlottesvilleno. not in america. we must be stronger, more determined and more united than ever. racism and hate have no place here. #charlottesvilleyour service has been a great gift to the country, and your friendship and brotherhood are a great gift to me. happ… thrilled to see the  olympics coming to los angeles. thanks to @mayorofla garcetti who worked hard to secure a big win for us athletics.hope to see you at a stop this fall on my #americanpromisetour – tickets are available now:  thank you to everyone who tirelessly worked to protect the health care of millions. you saved lives.to all of you working to stop republicans’ devastating “health” bill: thank you. we’re not done yet. please keep going.any final bill that looks anything like their proposals so far would be devastating.every patriotic american who is qualified to serve in our military should be able to serve. full stop.the gop's "health" plan would gut care &amp; treatment for opioid addiction. call your senators—the time to act is now. incredible progress in cancer research and treatment in just the last year offers new promise and new hope. you can win this fight, john.john and i have been friends for  years. he's gotten through so much difficulty with so much grace. he is strong - and he will beat this.@washingtonpost i was a senator for  years. i can assure you that your call matters. your viewpoint might not alw… @washingtonpost especially if you live in wv, nv, ak or oh now is the time to call your senators. or, encourage you… @washingtonpost if you believe health care is a right for all, make sure your senators know that this bill is a big step backward.@washingtonpost all americans deserve the peace of mind that comes with knowing that you can get affordable care. b… @washingtonpost by denying this right, republican leadership’s “health” bill is fundamentally flawed. it can’t even be fixed on the floor.@washingtonpost republican leadership's “health” bill would return us to a time when health care was a privilege fo… today, i wrote in the @washingtonpost about the big problem with the republican leadership’s "health" bill: excited to share news about #americanpromisetour - a series of conversations i’m hosting around the country… jill &amp; i send our condolences to the loved ones of service members lost in ms crash—those who wear the uniform are the heart of our nation.happy th of july! america continues the march toward tolerance, diversity and equality of opportunity that began in —that's patriotism.we’re live in a few minutes to talk about how @bidencancer will bring renewed urgency to the fight against cancer: jill and i are excited and ready to take the next step toward ending cancer. are you with us? let's see a bill that actually tries to improve folks' health care, and then we can have a reasonable debate about how to best do that.especially now, when so many communities are struggling with opioid addiction, the bill's drastic cuts to medicaid are cruel.slashing medicaid hurts kids, the elderly, people with disabilities and those struggling with addiction. all for tax breaks for the wealthy.the senate health bill isn't about health care at all—it's a wealth transfer: slashes care to fund tax cuts for the wealthy &amp; corporations.america’s soul is rooted in the promise of opportunity. we must protect, support &amp; welcome refugees to keep that pr… jill and i are praying for the people of colombia and the families of the victims of tonight's bomb explosion. #bogotaestoycontigocongrats &amp; good luck to my former staffer dr. tony allen, incoming provost of @delstateuniv! a great fit for a passionate public servant.jill and i are praying for the victims and their families. grateful for courage of my former colleagues, first responders &amp; capitol police.we meet unspeakable tragedy and hate with unbound resolve. i stand with the lgbtq community, today and every day.… honored to see ecumenical patriarch bartholomew in athens – his leadership on climate change and the environment is… great to be with @pennbiden in athens. a europe whole, free, &amp; at peace remains vital to u.s. security–as it has been for the past  decadescongrats to ambassador andy young, a dear friend and inspiration, on  years. wish i could be in atlanta tonight for ajy leadership awards.we're already feeling impacts of climate change. exiting #parisagreement imperils us security and our ability to own the clean energy futureit's time for big dreams and #americanpossibilities. if you're ready to elect folks who agree, say you're in:… there’s no one better positioned on earth to lead the world in the st century than america. we just have to believe it.america is at its best when we’re optimistic and we think big.it’s time to remember who we are as americans: giving everyone the opportunity to achieve the impossible.our politics has become too small and petty. we’re better than this.america has always thought big. it’s stamped into our dna.climate change is an existential threat to our future—staying in #parisagreement is the best way to protect our children &amp; global leadershipto our nation's fallen troops: we thank you and will never forget. to their families: remember, you are never alone.zbigniew brzezinski's brilliant strategic mind enriched american foreign policy for decades--his distinctive voice will be greatly missed.great to see mayor @marty_walsh, and hear about everything he's doing to keep boston strong. lgbt rights are human rights. prejudice is prejudice; inhumanity is inhumanity.  #idahot #idahot to the teacher who inspires me every day, and all the other amazing teachers changing lives, happy… millions of americans will lose coverage. up to the senate now. hoping for courage to return.day of shame in congress. protections for pre-existing conditions, mental health, maternity care, addiction services -- all gone.rt @bidenfoundation: today @georgemasonu, @joebiden called upon students, faculty &amp; campus leaders to work together to end sexual assault,…dan rooney embodied everything i was raised to believe being irish meant – generosity, decency, warmth, dignity &amp; a truly genuine spirit.boston represents what it means to never yield, never cower, never stand down &amp; lead the way. america owns the finish line. #onebostondaywhen faced with crimes of hate and inhumanity, every person of conscience must speak out in support of #lgbt rights our mission is to influence, shape and work to solve tough problems facing the nation.#bideninstitute’s goal is to create a world-class destination for scholars, policymakers, activists and leaders..@udelaware is my home, been with me every step of the way. today, it felt like i never left. i am so proud to laun… it's good to be home. hope to see you, @udelaware, on the green today at noon! #bideninstitute #bluehens #bidenisbackbeing an american means being treated equally under the law, no matter who you are or who you love today, i called on students across the country to speak out and step in to stop sexual assault. #itsonusrt @bidenfoundation:  in  women and  in  men are sexually assaulted by the time they leave college. #itsonus to stop it. .@pennbiden @penn join me as i discuss foreign policy with @penn president amy gutmann. @pennbiden follow @pennbiden to get involved and check out the livestream of my conversation on foreign policy with @penn president amy gutmann today..@pennbiden will work to defend &amp; amend the liberal international order so that it sustains american prosperity and works for everyone.i am confident america is better positioned than any other nation in the world to lead in the st century.i’m proud to continue my work on national security issues through the new @pennbiden center for diplomacy and global engagement.the correct word for sex without consent is rape. period. #itsonus to know the signs and to stop it. every american who worries about getting health care when they get sick can breathe a sigh of relief today.checks &amp; balances? chair of cmte investigating wh can't share info w/ wh. mccain is right: need select committee!jill and i -- and the whole biden family -- wish everyone a very safe and happy st. patrick’s day.like many other irish americans, i’m proud of my irish heritage and of my family’s contributions to our nation.last year i had the privilege of walking down the streets my great-great grandfather once walked, in county louth,… today at #sxsw, we’re laying out how we’ll harness the momentum of the past year to make real progress. this fight is personal for jill and me.  it’s personal for almost every american.jill and i were honored to take the stage today at #sxsw. join us in seizing the urgency of now to end cancer as we… "standing up for women is the cause of my life. we must change our culture to end violence against women #iwdcongratulations @tomperez - you will help ensure our party continues to fight for economic fairness and for all to be treated with dignity.incredible performance from my friend @ladygaga. you amaze me — and not just onstage. proud to work with you to end… our tolerance and diversity make america great. we are safer and stronger when we welcome the brightest, best and b… from fighting cancer to changing the culture on domestic violence — we’re just getting started. join us: we cannot yield an inch on all the progress we have made on civil rights and human rights.now more than ever, we must work hard to preserve everyone's shot at the american dream. today jill &amp; i are proud to launch @bidenfoundationfolks, don't forget to stay in line! if you're in line when polls close, you're entitled to cast your ballot.… there are world-class candidates running at all levels in this election. vote down the line for democrats who will… we've come so far and all the progress we've made is at stake. you've got to vote. bring a friend and get it done:… vice president biden on the importance of electing senators who will come together and work for every american:… ". make sure you know how to vote today: . get on the phone and make sure others do, too:… "let's make history tomorrow. let's send a signal to the rest of the world that america is still the brightest beacon of hope." -vp biden"we're america! we don't scare easily... we never bow. we never bend. we never break." -vp biden with @timkaine 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸"if we come together, there's nothing, nothing that can stop us." -vp biden with @timkaine"we are endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights. everyone is endowed with those rights." -vp biden with @timkaine"@timkaine and i believe, we really believe, that there's no reason why we can't do so much better politically." -vp biden"every time there's a problem in congress, i get sent to the hill. tim, get ready!" -vp biden with @timkaine"we have a responsibility not only to vote... but to bring this country together when tomorrow is over." -vp biden with @timkaine"we're on the precipice of an american century like we've never ever thought of before." -vp biden with @timkaine"there has never been a more important tomorrow in the modern electoral history of the united states of america." -vp biden with @timkainewe're not just voting for us. we're voting for our kids, our grandkids, and future generations. don't let them down… rt @hillaryforfl: take it from @joebiden: america is respected for our values above all else. you've got to have a plan. make one before tuesday. """vote! get your friends out — every single vote counts."" -vp biden""" years of education is not enough in the st century... simply not enough."" —vp dems want to prioritize sending students to college.""this is the person, along with donald trump, who says we should not be spending money on pell grants." —vp biden on rubio at @famu_"character is destiny—you've got a guy running... who doesn't have the courage to stand up and say i won't vote for him." —vp on marco rubio"one of my proudest accomplishments was writing the violence against women act — which marco voted against last time." –vp biden in fl"""folks, tomorrow. tomorrow is... going to impact on your lives like no other tomorrow."" -vp biden at @famu_ we need your help to make calls and ensure every voter turns out to cast their ballot for democrats tomorrow:… rt @hillaryforva: breaking: vice president joe biden will join @timkaine in northern virginia tonight! join us:  htt…election day is nearly here! find your polling place and everything you need to vote on tuesday:… can you step up to knock on doors or make calls? we need your help electing democrats at all levels:… "give the people a chance. ordinary people can do extraordinary things. i'm counting on you to do extraordinary thi… """we will own the finish line in the st century. god love you, go out and vote, vote, vote!"" —vp biden #votebluewi""my word as a biden — i've never been more optimistic about the prospects of the united states than i am this very day." —vp bidenrt @hillaryforwi: "@hillaryclinton and @russfeingold know how to grow the economy and increase access to work." -@joebiden """i don’t know anybody, in the neighborhoods i grew up in, who could go  months without a paycheck."" —vp democrats believe in paid leave.""when we took office, the unemployment rate was above %. it's now below %." —vp biden #progress #votebluewi"these guys… seem to be carbon copies of each other." —vp biden on ron johnson and donald trump. #votebluewi"this man is totally, thoroughly... unprepared and unqualified to be the commander-in-chief of the united states of america." —vp on trump“this guy not only doesn’t want to raise the minimum wage, he doesn’t think there should be a federal minimum wage.” —vp on sen. ron johnson“johnson says the jury is still out on climate change… talk about being out of it.” —vp campaigning with @russfeingold #votebluewiwe are just getting started. our best days are ahead of us. do your part. vote. and bring a friend. —joe… we’ve got a lot of good senate candidates to vote for. people committed to doing the hard work, who will never stop… we have to elect @hillaryclinton in  days. but she has got to have a congress to work with. vote down the line.i won my first election to the senate by a little over , votes. i’m deadly serious when i say showing up matter… take it from the vice president, you've got to make a plan to vote.  """folks, there's only  days left until election day....go vote!"" -vp biden"americans never bow. americans never bend. we never break. we endure, we overcome, and we continually move forward." -vp biden"republicans talk about productivity. they haven't produced anything that generates economic growth so far. not a joke." -vp at @chathamu"@katiemcgintypa knows who built the middle class, and you should if you don’t: l-a-b-o-r. organized labor built the middle class." -vp"you can tell a lot about a candidate...by looking at the people who oppose her." -vp biden supporting @katiemcgintypa"[trump] is thoroughly unqualified based on his conduct, his abuse of power, and his lack of substantive knowledge." -vp biden at @chathamu"can you imagine any president getting up at : in the morning and tweeting vitriol... what does that say about who we are?" -vp bidenbeing a democrat has always meant buckling down and getting it done for working people. “no one can compete with us… america never bows… we will own the finish line.” –vp biden in pennsylvania  🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸“our system is built on the notion of consensus. @maggie_hassan knows how to do that without yielding on principle.” –vp biden #nhtogether"“it’s really, really important that we elect @maggie_hassan.” –vp bidenbe one of the millions of americans who vote before election day. head to  for more informat… when your advisers call folks who can't afford nannies "the little people," it's clear you don't understand america. let’s give hillary a senate she can work with. """please, please, please, up until the polls close, do everything you can.” –vp biden“she will not back down. she will fight like hell for all of those things that affect people’s lives.” –vp biden supporting @catherinefornv“wealthy people are good people… but one thing they don’t need is more tax breaks.” –vp biden“hillary is going to need a democratic senate.” –vp biden campaigning with @catherinefornvthe words are demeaning. such behavior is an abuse of power. it’s not lewd. it’s sexual assault. –joeone thing's clear: @timkaine and hillary have hardworking americans' backs. the vp's office is in good hands. –joe #vpdebatelisten to vice president biden — go to  register to vote, and make your voice count for… vp biden is back in philadelphia and taking over @thedemocrats' instagram from the campaign trail. follow along:… register and vote for democrats like @hillaryclinton and @katiemcgintypa:  #iregistered… tonight, @hillaryclinton proved she is ready to be president — and donald trump proved he is not. #debatenight take it from those who have been there - trump is not ready for the responsibility of being president: doughnuts &amp; volunteers help fuel this campaign. happy to bring some treats &amp; say thanks in charlotte this week. -joe on vawa's nd anniversary, join vp biden and recommit to fighting to end domestic violence:  every woman in this country deserves to be free from harm and from fear. proud to celebrate  years of the violence against women act. -joefights for working people. respects immigrants. good taste in sunglasses. @timkaine is ready to be vice president. folks, we've got to elect @hillaryclinton and take back the senate. let's roll up our sleeves and get to work. -joe "they said we'd never make more than  million cars a year again. we made  million last year!" -vp biden"my dad used to have an expression...don't tell me what you value. show me your budget — i will tell you what you value." -vp bidenvp biden is on his last stop of the day in ohio. watch him speak live from uaw local  right now: rt @ted_strickland: great to spend the day with @joebiden at the @canfieldfair today! #ohsen when you give the american people a chance, they'll never let you down. happy to be here in ohio today. -joe the vice president is talking to you live from uaw local  in warren, ohio. tune in now: "my name's joe biden, i'm for @hillaryclinton and @ted_strickland. and donald trump is dangerous." -vp biden"it's about the stuff we're made of. it's about our values... hillary gets it in her gut. she gets it." -vp biden"this ain't your father's oldsmobile. this ain't your father's republican party." -vp biden"[trump] was born with a silver spoon in his mouth that he's now choking on because his foot's in his mouth along with the spoon." -vp biden"the neighborhood you come from is where your character is etched. where your values are set." -vp biden "i know i would not be standing here today as vice president without you all – without the american labor movement." -vp biden"my biggest problem with donald trump... is the way he treats people." -vp bidenwe're fighting for the middle-class workers who make america great. follow along as vp biden is back in ohio today. joe and hillary went home to scranton. take a behind-the-scenes look at their visit: eight years ago today, and the progress we've made is remarkable. —joe  we are america, and we're second to none. together, let's elect @hillaryclinton the next president. scranton, she has your back. do you have hers? visit  to make sure you're ready to vote for hillary in november. -joe"it is never, never, never ever been a good bet to bet against the united states of america." -vp biden"trump’s ideas are not only profoundly wrong. they’re very dangerous. they’re very un-american." -vp biden"on every issue that matters most to our security, donald trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country." -vp biden"[trump] is trying to tell us he cares about the middle class? give me a break... that's such a bunch of malarkey!" -vp biden"hillary clinton. she’s always been there. that’s her life story. and let's state the obvious—that is not donald trump’s story." -vp"she understands what it means to...young girls...when it's president hillary rodham clinton. it will change their lives." -vp biden"everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect... and america can be defined in one single word — 'possibilities.'” -vp bidenvp biden is about to go live on  tune in for a live behind-the-scenes preview from scranton.those are the values that joe biden brought to the white house &amp; they're the values @hillaryclinton will bring, too. scranton families like the bidens know the meaning of hard work and giving your kids a better life. the vp is stepping up to the plate in scranton again. he'll introduce @hillaryclinton to his hometown in a few hours no one wants to earn a purple heart. but to those who did, you have america's unending gratitude and admiration. thank you. #purpleheartdayamerica is going to see what vp biden already knows — just how much @hillaryclinton cares about our country. .@sarahemcbride - beau loved you, i love you, and all the bidens are proud of you. -joeour choice in november is between division and hate — and the idea that we're stronger together. let’s go. "i am more optimistic about our chances today than when i was elected as a -year-old kid to the senate." -vp biden #demsinphilly"it's never been a good bet to bet against america." -vp biden #demsinphilly“the threats are too great and the times are too uncertain to elect donald trump president of the united states.” –vp biden #demsinphilly"he has no clue. period.” –vp biden on donald trump #demsinphilly"there's only one person in this race who will be there... that's hillary clinton's life story." -vp biden #demsinphilly"""this is kind of a bittersweet moment."" -vp bideneight years ago: i've seen hillary in the senate &amp; the situation room. clear-eyed. steady. understands working people. exactly the leadership we need. –joeit’s good to be back, folks. we've got less than  months until election day, and i need you with me. let's go elect some democrats. –joecelebrating the workers who built this country. #mayday  years ago i watched pres. obama sign the affordable care act. we should all be proud of the difference it's made in millions of lives –joestand up for voting rights as we remember #selma:  this #progress is extraordinary, but we're not done. add your name to keep the momentum going:  ♥ happy birthday, @theellenshow! vice president biden surprised her on the air. watch: vp biden is going to be listening to the #sotu at pm et tonight - join him here: "how do we make it better?" listen to vp biden preview the state of the union address:  #sotu the example set by dr. king is one that inspires us to work toward a more just and equal future. today, we celebrate that legacy.the vp is pro-selfie. rt @igorbobic: biden taking a selfie with mark warner's daughter for her instagram account vp biden on how you can join millions of americans who have quality health care thanks to the affordable care act: merry christmas! rt @thedemocrats: wishing you a holiday filled with peace and joy. happy chanukah! vice president biden will be speaking at the national menorah lighting at pm et today. listen here: happy th, delaware! on this day in  it became the #firststate. i never get tired of counting my blessings. we’ve got so much to be thankful for. happy thanksgiving, everyone. -joelooking good! #tbt to all the brave men and women who have served our nation, thank you, and happy veterans day. rt @thedemocrats: if you haven't voted yet, confirm your voting location here and head to the polls right now →  if you've already voted, give your friends a call right now and remind them to vote.  rt @thedemocrats: voted already? thanks! rt and tag  friends who need to vote:  #iwillvote #govote folks, there's a lot at stake today. make time to vote.  has everything you need to know. -joert @thedemocrats: everything you need to know here:  #iwillvote rt @thedemocrats: reminder: decisions are made by those who show up. make a plan and vote. democrats can't win without your help. make sure you're ready to vote on tuesday:  look who voted yesterday! commit to join him by voting in this year's election:  #iwillvote catch vice president biden and @mariska during @usa_network's svu marathon today. #ismany #notalonevp biden is about to speak about infrastructure development in philadelphia. this is why we have to #rebuildamerica: #means good news for our economy. commit to vote for candidates who will #raisethewage:  big gotv weekend, folks. wish i could bring a slice to every one of you knocking on doors and picking up phones! -joe the vice president is in joplin, missouri today. here's why: happy first week of fall, everyone. #throwbackthursday voting is important, folks. make sure your registration is up-to-date for  by visiting  –joestopping sexual assault is everyone's responsibility. visit  and take the pledge. #itsonusvp biden is about to take the stage at the women's leadership forum conference. follow @thedemocrats for live updates. #demwomenwhen women like @dwstweets talk about their #breastcancer experience, it gives others hope. congrats on a well-deserved komen award. -joert if you agree with vice president biden. #vawa vawa is the single most significant legislation i’ve ever been part of. couldn't be prouder of everyone who made it happen. -joetoday america stands strong and proud. there are  days left before election day. commit to vote right now →  #iwillvote read the vp's op-ed on his proudest legislative accomplishment: the violence against women act. "folks, it’s never a good bet to bet against the american people." - vice president biden. watch:  #opportunityforallthe vice president is about to talk about jobs at the portsmouth naval shipyard. listen →  #madeinamericawishing a happy labor day to the hard-working americans who make our country great. .@thedemocrats nominated president obama and vice president biden on this day in . every single vote matters. visit  and  to get ready for november! happy birthday, president obama! republicans blocked bills, shut down the government, and voted to sue the president. replace them with @thedemocrats: the vp is committed to helping every eligible voter cast a ballot. join him today:  #days the vice president chats about the plan to #rebuildamerica:  read the vp's letter to the president on how job training will provide #opportunityforall:  the vp is about to take the stage at #nn. watch the keynote here: the vp is speaking at @genprogress' #makeprogress summit. watch live: let’s get to work. mt @thedemocrats: add your voice to president obama's:  happy th of july! the vp reflects on the courage of civil rights leaders like @repjohnlewis for #civilrights  let's go, #usmnt! #ibelievethatwewillwin the first corvette was #madeinamerica (flint, mi) on this day in . rt @thedemocrats: if you agree that it's time for the house gop to act on #immigrationreform, let them know:  let's go #usmnt! rt @thedemocrats: #ibelievethatwewillwin one year ago, the supreme court struck down a vital component of the #vra. stand up for every citizen's #votingrights still celebrating? watch the post-game pep talk with the #usmnt and the vice president. #onenationoneteam #ibelieve the vp cheered on the #usmnt in , and he's cheering them on right now. are you? #ibelievethatwewillwin happy father's day! mt @beaubiden: #happyfathersday to all dads today, incl.  of the best out there! rt @thedemocrats: our challenge on #dday: rt @thedemocrats: .@joebiden is fighting for workforce development today, but the gop and the budget they passed have other priorities: htt…rt to wish @drbiden a very happy birthday! this election is about each of us doing our part, and the president, vp, and @thedemocrats need your help. join: honoring the memory of those we have lost, and reminding their families that they are never alone. "i hope you will accept this corsage and enjoy your prom as much as i did mine." - the vp rt if you agree with the vice president this #nationalwomenshealthweek "we have to rebuild the infrastructure in this country." -vp biden talking #rebuildamerica in st. louis yesterday. welcome to washington, @udbluehens! miss the vp and @officialjld's video from the #whcd? watch: “we have got to get  million people out of the shadows." - vp biden. act on immigration:  ending violence against women is my passion. i couldn't be prouder of  &amp; the students who helped make it happen. -joebefore the vp launched  this week, he championed the violence against women act #tbt #ismany the vp teamed up with daniel craig, @dulehill, @sethmeyers, and others to combat sexual assault. watch →  #ismanythe vp has been fighting to end violence against women for a long time. here's the next step:  #ismany #notalonefight for a fair shot for the middle class →  listen to vp biden's speech on the budget now on @whlive --&gt; agree with the vp that cutting millionaires' taxes while raising middle class taxes is just wrong? tune in at :: #throwbackthursday to an earlier #takeyourchildtoworkday  #tbt happy easter! high five.  rt @thedemocrats: great news! the president just announced —&gt; "the point is real simple: the backbone of this country is a strong and thriving middle class." -vp in pa yesterday. the first selfie.  follow the vp on @instagram (grab some shades before checking out his first post!)  watch the vp &amp; @johnkerry at the fifa world cup trophy tour. cheer for @ussoccer this summer to bring it back! "trevor &amp; chopper represent the very best in our military." -the vp in the latest #beingbiden  "what's gutsy about giving millionaires another tax break? what's gutsy about gutting medicare?” - vp biden on the ryan budget in . #tbt"it's time to stand up and to fight back" - vp biden on @thedemocrats' #voterexpansion project. watch and join today: go blue hens! vice president biden will deliver the  commencement address at @udelaware, his alma mater. "you've got to be kidding me." ­-vice president biden, on still having to fight for #voterexpansion in . watch: dusting off the twitter handle for a big midterm election year. let's get to it, folks! –joert @vp: today, @vp biden participated in a google+ hangout about the admin's plan to reduce gun violence:   ...rt @whitehouse: starting now: @vp biden participates in a google+ hangout on reducing gun violence. watch it live:   ...rt @vp: today at :et: @vp joins his st google+ hangout to discuss reducing gun violence. watch it live:  #nowist ...wishing you a happy and safe holiday season. rt @vp: after #newtown, people are calling for action to reduce gun violence. the president &amp; vp are listening &amp; taking action:  ...rt @barackobama: obama: "i've asked the @vp to lead an effort ... to come up with a set of concrete proposals no later than january" to  ...video: ann marie shared her #myk story, and ended up having lunch with vp biden. vp biden and dr. biden went to the army-navy football game last weekend—check out photos and a video: see the impact on your state if congress fails to extend middle-class tax cuts:  #mykhelp make sure that taxes stay low for families and small businesses—contact your representative now:  #myk"this is no time to add any additional burden for middle class people.”—vp biden on #myk at a va diner last week: rt @vp: today, i'm having lunch w/ folks who would see their taxes go up if congress doesn't act. looking forward to hearing from them o ...a #ff this week for @obamainaugural—everything you need to know for president obama and vp biden’s inauguration on january , .share why it matters to you that congress keep taxes low for american families and small businesses.  #mykvp biden visited costco yesterday to do some holiday shopping—and urged congress to extend middle class tax cuts: rt @vp: if there’s one thing we should all agree on, it’s that the middle-class tax cut should be made permanent.- vp @ costco today #mykrt @vp: unless congress acts, middle-class families will pay $k more in taxes in . tell us what $k means to you w/ #myk:  ...best wishes for a happy and safe thanksgiving. help determine what happens next with the organization that powered this campaign:  “we’re just so incredibly proud of you.”—vp biden during a thanksgiving celebration with wounded warriors yesterdayhappy birthday, vp biden! rt @vp: vp greets first responders at hoboken terminal in hoboken, nj. a favorite joe photo from november: pizza party. vp biden meets @parksandrecnbc’s leslie knope: vp biden celebrated diwali at the white house this week:  don't miss vp biden on @parksandrecnbc tonight at :pm et. whether you volunteered, donated, or just voted, share your #obama memory here: relive election night in photos:  four more years. from the bottom of our hearts, thank you. if you voted today, make sure your friends know it:  thumbs up for vp biden’s final campaign stop in ohio today: “the secret to getting through: always be doing something.” there’s plenty of time left to vote! find out where to go: rt @beaubiden: so proud to have just voted for @barackobama and my pop, @joebiden. -bbmake sure everyone votes today—hop on the phone and talk to voters in key states: let’s make sure the next  years are about giving the middle class a shot. please get out and vote today—and bring a friend. –joert @amygdudley: "i encourage you to stand in line as long as you have to"-@joebiden's message to voters across us today (he did too!) ht ...joe photo of the day: the vp casts his vote in delaware. it’s a great day to vote! grab a friend and head to your local polling place:  election day is here! find out where you’ll be voting tomorrow:  meet ’n greet in lakewood, ohio: rt @danielpcrawford: there was a huge crowd here in the field office making calls when @joebiden walked in! #forwardva romney and ryan have been spreading misinformation about medicare. get the facts from vp biden: share @barackobama and vp biden’s plan with anyone who needs a reminder before tomorrow:  reasons why president obama should be re-elected: “it’s the most cynical play i’ve seen.”—vp biden on romney’s fictitious auto industry ad: joe photo of the day: colorado for obama-biden. get a head start on election day: make a plan to vote. rt @charlesraymonde: election  is about making sure that we just don't go back! - vp biden #forward a second term for #teamobamabiden could be just a few phone calls away:  character, convictions, vision: the choice couldn’t be clearer—pass it on: if you’ve got a phone and a computer, you can make calls. get started now:  rt if you’re in for four more years: watch vp biden talk about preserving medicare and social security—“the sacred promise of a nation that keeps its word.” to do this weekend: bring home the win for vp biden and @barackobama. here’s how you’ll do it: vp biden: “the entire history of the journey of this country can be summarized in one word: forward!”“romney getting tough on china, i got one word for it: malarkey! it’s absolute malarkey.”—vp biden in beloit, wivp: “imagine the  years of progress we’ve made for women in america—what will happen to that in a romney-appointed supreme court.”“i know the guy next door doesn't recognize it, but we actually did rescue the automobile industry and save a million jobs.”—vp in wisconsinvp: “we’ve created . million new private sector jobs. companies in america hired more workers in oct. than any time in the last  months.”“i want to tell you who i am so excited about—the next senator from this state, tammy baldwin.”—vp biden in wi today: it’s time to sprint, then lean: sign up to get out the vote this weekend.  kids lined up to greet vp biden yesterday in muscatine, ia: president obama: “the people who need a champion are the americans whose letters i read late at night.” rt @ofa_wi: beloit is fired up for some morning joe! find out if you can vote early in your state: “it’s vastly more effective than voting late.” watch vp biden’s top  reasons to vote early on @late_show: “who do you trust to stand up for the middle class? @barackobama is the man you should trust.”—vp biden in ocala, fl: vp biden’s presenting the top  list on @late_show tonight! tune in at :pm et: rt @scottmulhauser: @joebiden making a strong case in ft. dodge. we are a purple nation. opportunities if we work together.gen. colin powell has endorsed @barackobama—here’s why: first responders for obama-biden in florida yesterday: watch vp biden address romney-ryan’s misleading auto industry ad in florida yesterday: vp biden: “my guy, your guy, barack obama has character. he has the character of his convictions. he does not engage in deception.”“the president’s job is not to sow confusion. it’s to plant the seeds of confidence.”—vp biden in floridavp: “jeep isn’t cutting jobs, they're adding jobs. politifact—the fact-checkers they don't look at—they called the ad ‘wholly inaccurate.’”“they are running the most scurrilous ad in ohio. one of the most flagrantly dishonest ads i can ever remember.”—vp on romney-ryanon romney: “he said % of the american people were ‘not willing to take responsibility for their own lives.’ who does he think he is?”vp biden on romney: “guess what? he never did answer the question of whether or not women are entitled to equal pay for equal work.”“we’re all better off when everybody is in this deal together, when we’re all working together.”—vp biden in sarasota, fljoe photo of the day: new friends in sarasota, florida. rt if you agree with vp biden: it’s time to get serious about getting out the vote. find out how you can help:  forward, ohio! vp biden and president clinton rally together in youngstown, oh. rt @barackobama: our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the storm. support red cross relief efforts here:  ....@barackobama and vp biden are moving us forward on equal rights: rt @schultzohio: in mahoning valley pres. clinton lays out choice of this election: arithmetic over illusion, together over alonert @ofa_oh: a shot of the amazing crowd in youngstown who came out to see former president bill clinton &amp; vp @joebiden:  ...joe photo of the day: pumping up volunteers in columbus, oh. “we are our brother’s keeper. we are our sister’s keeper.” vp biden talks about the importance of faith and values: joe photo of the day: virginia hearts joe. rt @truthteam: in virginia, @joebiden outlines how the gop wants to "turn back the clock": smiles in virginia yesterday: donate $ or whatever you can to stop the other side from buying and bullying its way to a win right at the end: get the word out about what @barackobama has done in less than  years—in under  minutes: rt @jenniferkohl: crowd in lynchburg fired up, ready for joe. #forwardva vp biden got a warm welcome in kenosha this morning: the vp visited @ofa_wi today and he thinks you should support the president by voting early:  rt @glmorris: uw-oshkosh is fired up and ready for joe! #obama #winsconsin rt @barackobama: “our destiny is not written for us, it’s written by us. and we’re going to write the next chapter together.”  ...watch gen. colin powell’s endorsement of @barackobama and vp biden: rt @vp: photo: the naval observatory lit with pink lights last night for a #breastcancerawarenessmonth reception. (wh photo)  ...vp biden recaps the nd presidential debate, @michelleobama votes, and more on the road to november th: joe photo of the day: breakfast with vp biden in mechanicsburg, ohio. dr. biden stopped by an @ofa_mn field office last weekend to fire up volunteers:  states in  hours: follow @barackobama’s progress on the america forward tour. rt @ofa_oh: the stage is set in marion, ohio for an awesome day with vp @joebiden! pass it on: president obama’s plan for a second term. “i’ve got news for gov. romney and congressman ryan—it’s never, ever been a good bet to bet against the american people.”—vp bidenvp biden: “together, all of us—even the  percent of us that romney doesn't think matter—we’re moving forward. ““this president is leveling the playing field—getting the middle class back in the game. he knows how to build america from the middle out.”vp biden on romney: “governor, you can't run from the truth. you can't run from your record. you can't run from your policies.”“these debates have exposed that gov. romney and paul ryan have a foreign policy right out of the ’s, a social policy out of the ’s.”“this is a president who says what he means, means what he says, and does what he says.”—vp biden introducing president obama in ohio todayvp biden on @barackobama: “you got to see what i see every day: a president who clearly understands america’s interest around the world.”“last night, we saw a commander in chief who is in command of the issues.”—vp biden in dayton, ohiort @barackobama: rt if you agree: we can’t afford mitt romney’s failed policies of the past. we need to keep moving forward.  ...rt if you’re on #teamobamabiden: inspiration for pumpkin carving season, thanks to @ofa_ct: take a look at what people are saying about president obama’s foreign policy debate win: rt @ofa_oh: spotted in dayton: an awesome welcome sign for joebiden and @barackobama's joint event today! #forward with only  days left, every action counts. call  voters from the comfort of home:  vp biden in ohio yesterday: "the american people will not go back. the american people only know one way: forward." watch president obama talk about his clear plan to move us forward: vp: "being president requires a clear vision and a steady hand. that's exactly what president obama demonstrated." if you’ve got the president’s back after tonight’s debate, add your name:  #proudofobamatonight, we saw what it means to be commander in chief. vision—courage—a steady hand. -joert @barackobama: president obama won tonight’s debate because his leadership has made us stronger, safer &amp; more secure. #proudofobam ...fact: romney has held investments in chinese and russian oil companies that were doing business with the iranian energy sector.rt this image if you believe standing up for the american worker is good for the country:  #romneywrongrt @obama: president obama: "my attitude coming into office was that we are going to insist that china plays by the same rules as ev ...rt @truthteam: five ways president obama is making sure iraq and afghanistan veterans get the care they deserve: rt @barackobama: president obama: "after a decade of war, it’s time to do some nation building here at home." #strongerwithobamathe obama administration’s sanctions against iran are the most comprehensive that iran has ever faced. rt @obama: potus on bin laden: "you said we shouldn't move heaven and earth to get one man ... it was worth moving heaven and earth  ...rt @barackobama: president obama: "iran is at its weakest point economically, strategically, militarily than in many years." #strongerwi ...the president never "apologized" for america. not once.  #romneywrongrt @barackobama: president obama: "we cannot afford to have a nuclear arms race in the most volatile region of the world." #strongerwith ...rt @obama: potus: "working with israel, we have created the strongest military and intelligence cooperation between our two countrie ...rt @barackobama: president obama: "as long as i'm president of the united states, iran will not get a nuclear weapon." #strongerwithobamart @barackobama: obama: "gov. romney has called for $ trillion of tax cuts that he says he's going to pay for by closing deductions. th ...rt @obama: "governor, when you were in massachusetts, small business development ranked about th out of ."—president obamafact: by the time gov. romney left office, more businesses were going out of business in massachusetts than being created.rt @barackobama: potus: "because we ended the war in iraq, we were able to refocus our attention on... beginning a transition process in ...rt @truthteam: madeleine albright: “you don’t get the sense gov. romney has an overall view beyond just chest-beating for how americ ...rt @truthteam: fact: the president has stood up for our american values – democracy, women’s and minority rights – as the arab sprin ...the romney campaign offered “few specifics” about what romney would do differently from president obama on syria: rt @barackobama: obama: "one thing i’ve learned as commander in chief: you’ve got to be clear, both to our allies &amp; our enemies, abo ...rt @truthteam: fact: romney said that not keeping ,-, troops in iraq is one of president obama’s “signature failures.” htt ...rt @obama: president obama: "my first job as commander in chief is to keep the american people safe, and that's what we've done over ...tune in for the final presidential debate on foreign policy tonight: live coverage kicks off at pm et. rt @barackobama: rt if you’re ready to cheer on president obama in tonight’s debate. #strongerwithobama why mitt romney's cold war mentality is out of date:  #romneynotreadywhat romney needs to answer in tonight’s foreign policy debate:  #romneynotready“the american people didn’t give up, they got up.”—vp biden on the road to november th: when it comes to our national security, the choice is clear:  #romneynotreadyrt @ofa_oh: we've got a great crowd in canton chanting "fired up, ready to go!" for @joebiden today.  h/t @tune #ohv ...“he’s not ready for prime time in terms of national security.”—former sec. of state madeleine albright on mitt romney: father-daughter campaigning in florida: rt @beaubiden: @beaubiden thanking @vetsobama volunteers for all their hard work in greenville, nc.  #ncearlyvote #obama    ...foreign policy officials review the strength and steadiness of president obama's leadership on the world stage: joe photo of the day: provisioning an @ofa_fl field office in orlando. rt @ofa_mn: dr. jill biden to volunteers in minnesota, "we simply could not do this without you." #drbidenmn dr. biden: “the election is just  days away. and the work we do between now and then could make all the difference.”“we have come so far—and we’ve got to keep moving forward—not just on women’s issues, but on all issues.”—dr. biden in minnesotadr. b: “the president and the vice president know how important it is for women to be able to make our own decisions about our health care.”dr. biden: “i want to make sure that all our veterans—and their families—get the benefits they have earned and the respect they deserve.”“when joe &amp; barack were elected, like so many of you, one of my main hopes was that we end the war in iraq. the president kept his promise.”dr. biden in mn: “i’m also a military mom. our son beau served in iraq for a year with the delaware army national guard.”“we have already made so much progress. we have doubled funding for pell grants and reformed the student loan process.”—dr. bidendr. jill biden: “as a teacher, i want to make sure that we continue to invest in quality education.”“i’m a full-time teacher and, like most teachers, teaching isn’t just what i do—it’s who i am.”—dr. biden in minnesotart @ofa_fl: thumbs up for @joebiden from the supporters in st. augustine before today's grassroots event. joe photo of the day, dq edition: vp: “all of a sudden, paul ryan, the budget hawk—the guy who introduced a budget plan that already passed—he doesn’t remember it.” #romnesia“i hope you all don’t get #romnesia. it’s a bad disease—and it’s contagious.”—vp biden in florida todayvp biden on romney: “the president has a new term for this sort of ability to change your mind so quickly. he calls it #romnesia.”vp biden: “when gov. romney was asked whether or not women deserve equal pay for equal work, what was his answer? binders.”“romney and ryan made it very clear they're willing to impose their private views on the public.”—vp on romney-ryan’s women’s health viewsvp on romney-ryan: “you heard the debates. it was made very clear that they don't believe a woman has a right to control her own body.”vp: “barack and i are absolutely committed to ensuring that our daughters &amp; granddaughters have the exact same opportunities as our sons.”“we have fundamentally different views on how to move this country forward, and a fundamentally different value set.”—vp on romney-ryanrt @ofa_fl: ken's proud to be a veteran for obama. he's excited to see @joebiden in florida today because he speaks from the heart. http ...watch president obama describe the symptoms of #romnesia: potus: “if you’ve come down with #romnesia &amp; can’t remember the promises you’ve made, don’t worry—obamacare covers pre-existing conditions.”potus: “if you say you’re for the coal industry but stood in front of a coal plant and said ‘this will kill you,’ you may have #romnesia.”rt @barackobama: “if you say women should have access to contraceptive care but you support laws that would let employers deny it, you'v ...rt @barackobama: “if you say you’re for equal pay for equal work but you refuse to say whether you’d sign a bill that protects it, you m ...speaking in virginia today, president obama coined a new term to describe mitt romney’s deceptive policies: #romnesia.rt @ofa_fl: judy and naomi can't wait to see @joebiden in sun city center today! lilly ledbetter: romney's position on pay equity is a "terrible injustice" for women. joe photo of the day: a new friend in reno, nv. rt @latinosforobama: stand up for the team who is standing up for us.  #latinos a warm colorado welcome for vp biden: rt @ofa_nv: las vegas is fired up and ready for joe! #nv #wedecide fired up, ready to go for vp biden in greeley, co yesterday! vp on romney’s immigration stance: “he’s not only out of touch with the hispanic community, he’s out of touch with the american people.”“my daughter and granddaughters &amp; barack’s daughters are entitled to every single, solitary opportunity my sons are and my grandsons are.”vp: “the place where romney was least responsive &amp; most sketchy, where we have the most basic disagreement with him, is on women’s rights.”on the romney-ryan budget: “their budget slashes  million people off medicaid; turns medicare into a voucher system; decimates education.”“gov. romney was a little—how can i say it? sketchy last night. no details. no specifics.”—vp biden in greeley, co todayon the debate: “you saw the man i have sat with every day: a man of principle and gumption, a man with a steady hand and a clear vision.”vp in co: “early voting starts in colorado on oct. . so don't wait until election day. let’s take this thing sooner than later, okay?”rt @ofa_co: vp biden on the romney-ryan plan: "it's hard to believe anybody would have that set of priorities." “president obama dominated.” see what people are saying about @barackobama’s debate win last night: taegan goddard: “he kept romney on the defensive and came prepared … it was devastatingly effective.” “a clear win for obama”: rt if you agree with president obama that our daughters and sons deserve equal opportunities: mitt romney opposed the lilly ledbetter fair pay act: vp biden: for women, "the picture is becoming more clear" after last night's debate. president obama stood up for you tonight—now it’s your turn. commit to vote:  #teambarackofa campaign manager jim messina on why @barackobama "clearly won tonight's debate": rt @barackobama: if you're on #teambarack, pitch in $ now to help win this thing:  rt @michelleobama: tonight barack showed, as he has every day as president, that he’ll fight to ensure everyone has a fair shot at the a ...rt @jeremybird: could not be more proud of our commander-in-chief right now. #teambarackrt @jedlewison: cbs poll of uncommitted voters: obama wins debate.rt @ted_strickland: a clear &amp; significant victory for the president.  he held romney accountable &amp; was clear abt why we need to  ...rt @barackobama: rt if you agree: #teambarack had a big win tonight because the president has the right plan to move us forward.if you’re proud of president obama after tonight’s debate, add your name:  #teambarackpresident obama: "we are on pace to double our exports. that's creating tens of thousands of jobs all across the country." #teambarackpresident obama: "we have made sure that millions of young people are able to get an education when they weren't able to before."rt @obama: president obama: "fours years ago, i told the american people i would cut taxes for middle-class people, and i did."romney invested in a chinese firm after learning it would “not be subject to taxes in the united states.”  #sketchydealrt @obama: president obama: "keep in mind that governor romney invested in companies that were pioneers of outsourcing to china."rt @truthteam: why romney and ryan's tax plan does not pass the arithmetic test: romney’s energy plan would do nothing for energy independence,  and risks destroying thousands of jobs:  #realromneyrt @obama: fact: @barackobama is helping car companies build better cars that use less gas and save consumers money at the pump: htt ...fact: romney’s only solution to lower gas prices is to drill for more oil—yet he opposes vehicle standards that will save money at the pump.rt @truthteam: president obama's all-of-the-above energy plan is increasing our energy independence: rt @obama: “romney doesn’t have a -point plan. he has a -point plan, and that’s to make sure the guys at the top play by a differe ...rt @obama: president obama: “what i want to do is build on the  million jobs that we’ve created over the last  months in the priv ...time to tune in! the second presidential debate starts in a few minutes.  #teamobamabidenwhy romney’s tax plan just doesn’t add up:  #mittmath"arithmetic over illusion": what romney's tax plan really means for the middle class.  #mittmathrt if you’re on #teamobamabiden and excited for tonight’s debate—the action kicks off at pm et on our live blog: “let's show barack what kind of grassroots organization he's got behind him—one that's ready for whatever comes ahead.” la crosse, wisconsin was fired up for vp biden and dr. biden last week: vp: “what’s at stake for the latino community this election is the dreams &amp; aspirations of their fathers and mothers.” dr. biden gets north carolinians excited for early voting, which kicks off in just  days (cc @ofa_nc). pitch in $, get a car magnet—it’s that easy: rt @vp: our nation has lost a dedicated public servant who served his country with strength, grit and determination. –vp on sen. arlen s ...in , then-sen. biden wrote a letter to an th grader—and changed his life. check it out: crisscrossing the country with vp biden, president obama, and the first lady on the road to november th: vp biden responds to romney and ryan writing off half the american people: rt @ofa_nc: we're kicking off a canvass in greensboro with dr. jill biden. fun fact: the triad has the largest women for obama-biden tea ...rt @latinosforobama: watch: vice president @joebiden talks about what’s at stake in this election for the latino community.  ...rt @ofa_nc: a huge thank you to all the superstar volunteers that came out to watch dr. jill biden fire up north carolina in cary.  ...romney and ryan have been spreading misinformation about medicare. get the facts from vp biden: big cheers for vp biden and dr. jill biden in la crosse, wisconsin yesterday: “i think joe biden rocks.” hundreds of supporters called in to congratulate the vp on his debate win—have a listen: worth a re-watch: vp biden talks in last night's debate about why we've got to give the middle class a fair shot. rt if you agree: facts matter. .@beaubiden: paul ryan “left the door wide open” for putting additional troops in afghanistan. rt @ofa_wi: #detailsmatter. @joebiden laid them out last night – today he'll continue with the specifics at his event in la crosse! http ...now it’s your turn to talk—call .. and leave a message to let joe know how you thought he did in last night’s debate.the romney-ryan strategy? hiding the truth on plans that hurt the middle class. .@chrisvanhollen: “what you saw was the passionate joe biden, the joe biden who fights for the middle class.” the reviews are in—see what others are saying about vp biden's win last night: a woman’s health decisions are up to her and her doctor—no one else: straight talk on taxes from vp biden: tonight you heard the other side’s plan to take us back to the failed policies of the past. we can't go back. we've gotta go forward. –joeif you like what you heard from vp biden tonight, say you're in here: rt @beaubiden: so proud of my dad, @joebiden. -bb #vpdebatert if you're on #teamjoevp: "look at my record—it’s been all about the middle class. they’re the people who grow this country." #teamjoeour solemn obligation to veterans: rt @buzzfeedandrew: joe biden dominates debate's first hour. rt @ofadebates: fact: president obama strongly believes in a woman's right to choose—and that abortion should be safe, legal, and rare."if you notice, he never answers the question."—vp biden #detailsmattervp on afghanistan: "we will leave in ."rt @ofadebates: fact: more than two-thirds of al-qaeda’s leadership has been eliminated since president obama took office. #factsmatterrt @obama: vp: “the only way you can find $ trillion in loopholes is cut the mortgage deduction for middle-class people, the health ...rt @ofadebates: fact: romney won't say which tax deductions he'd eliminate, but has said he won't close the carried interest loophole fo ...the romney-ryan plan: they call it “gutsy”—we call it a disaster for the middle class.  vp: "a simple answer: he's raising the cost of medicare." #factsmatterrt @obama: vp biden on medicare: “we will not be part of any voucher plan."rt @barackobama: ryan voted for the policies that crashed the economy. #factsmatterteam obama-biden is strengthening medicare. romney and ryan would turn it into vouchercare: rt @ofadebates: fact: obamacare extends medicare’s solvency to  and saves $ billion over five years: take a look at the romney-ryan budget plan to see what they value (and what they don’t): rt if you agree: our economy grows from the middle out and the bottom up—not from the top down. rt @ofadebates:  percent: a look at who mitt romney is writing off: "iran is more isolated today than when we took office." —vp bidenrt @ofadebates: fact: the obama administration has already put in place the toughest sanctions ever imposed on the iranian government.rt @ofadebates: how romney and the republicans are politicizing the attacks in libya: vp: "(the president) is a guy who has done everything he said he would do."rt @obama: vp: “on iraq, the president said he would end the war. gov. romney said that was a tragic mistake—we should have left , ...it’s go time: tune in to  barack and i are in this because we'll never stop fighting for you. you’ll see that tonight. –joe“my promise to you and barack tonight”: wheels down in lexington, kentucky: for live fact-checks, notable quotes, and infographics, follow @obama and @ofadebates during and after tonight’s debate.“paul ryan and his many methods of misrepresentation”: joe photo of the day: prepping for tonight’s debate. check out our livestream of the vp debate tonight for exclusive coverage, starting at pm et: rt if you’re on #teamobamabiden tonight: get to know joe a little better before tomorrow's vice presidential debate: rep. @chrisvanhollen previews vp biden's debate against "a ticket that is willing to say anything to get elected." paul ryan’s last major speech was called “stunning for its dishonesty.” tune in to see if he’ll be honest tomorrow: the only way someone like mitt romney beats someone like barack obama is if we don't step it up when it really matters: “barack and i cannot do this alone. we need you and it's always been that way.” before vp biden debates rep. ryan on thursday, make sure everyone you know has the facts on where they stand: dr. biden rallied supporters around pennsylvania yesterday: the voter registration deadline is today in several states. make sure your vote counts this fall: rt @barackobama: a former republican senator and vietnam veteran endorses president obama for a second term as commander-in-chief:  ...rt @janeslusser: fired up, ready for jill in scranton! #pa rt @rd_cox: jill biden speaking in front of a packed house at the harrisburg @ofa_pa office if you heart joe, say it here:  vp biden reflects on president obama’s unwavering commitment to veterans: voter registration deadlines are coming up in many states. make sure your vote gets counted: rt @barackobama: there’s exactly one month until all of the votes are counted. what you do in the next  days makes a difference:  ...an inside look at the campaign trail on the road to november th: are you registered to vote at your current address? make sure: tax experts agree: romney’s math just doesn’t add up. photo of the day: vp biden talks to a -year-old wwii vet in council bluffs, ia. rt @barackobama: good news today: the economy has added . million private sector jobs over  straight months. “the american people are so much better—so much stronger—take so much more responsibility than these guys give them credit for.”—vp in iavp biden on romney-ryan: “ladies and gentlemen, these guys don't get it. there is no quit in america.”“we're going to give tax breaks to companies that invest in america, not invest overseas. we're going to cut our oil imports by half.”vp biden on the gop: “their policies put the middle class in a deep hole, which we’ve been helping them climb out of for the last  years.”vp in ia: “can you imagine barack obama signing &amp; being for a plan that would raise by $, a year the cost of medicare?” audience: “no!”vp on romney: “he didn’t tell you much about his plan. he didn’t say much about what his plan does. and a lot of it just doesn’t add up.”“since president obama has been elected president and changed the law, medicare recipients have more benefits.”—vp biden in iowavp biden on romney-ryan: “they don’t tell you what they are for anymore. and they deliberately misrepresent what they say we are for.”“he put forward a clear, specific plan on how to get this country moving forward again.”—vp biden on president obama in last night’s debatevp in iowa: “you have early voting in this state. it’s already underway. you don’t have to wait till election day, so elect us today.”in case you missed it: check out vp biden’s take on last night’s debate. rt @ofa_ia: "we're at the office - days a week" ...and they are so excited today for #bidenia rt @ofa_ia: this little guy can't wait to see @joebiden! #bidencb president obama has a specific plan for strengthening the middle class—pass it on: fact check: rommey's debate performance was "mostly fictional." if you’re standing with president obama tonight, be sure to register to vote. it takes less than  minutes: rt @barackobama: make sure your friends know: president obama's the choice to move us forward, not back.   ...folks, i hope you saw what i saw tonight: president obama's the choice to move us forward, not back. –joeto barack: good luck tonight, and happy anniversary to you and michelle. –joe and jilllivestream coverage of tonight’s debate kicks off at pm et—with a special message from the vp following the debate: north carolina was all smiles for vp biden yesterday: “keep the faith”:  happy debate day! there’s still time to find a watch party near you: rt @barackobama: elections do have consequences. for ian, it was getting his dad back. be the first to hear from vp biden after the debate tomorrow night—find a watch party in your community: from carson city to charlottesville, president obama’s policies are having positive effects across the country: “we will fulfill the only truly sacred obligation we have as a nation—to equip those we send to war and care for them when they come home.”“we've cut taxes for everyone in the middle class—$, for the average family.”—vp biden in north carolinavp in nc: “they say they value education, but they make massive cuts in education—in early education, elementary, and secondary education.”“they say they value children and the elderly, but their budget slashes  million people off of medicaid.”—vp biden on romney-ryanvp biden on romney-ryan: “their plan would immediately cut benefits for  million seniors already on medicare.”“under president obama's leadership, medicare benefits have actually increased. for prescription drugs, they've increased by $.”—vp biden"the middle class was buried by the policies that romney and ryan have supported."—vp biden in asheville, ncrt @ofa_nc: andy from asheville is ready for @joebiden #soarewe @ofa_nc rt @cassandrarupia: @ofa_nc @joebiden so excited! #readyforjoe president obama and vice president biden have a plan to move the economy forward—check it out: vp biden made clear in his remarks today that romney-ryan would take us back to the failed bush policies that crashed our economy.don’t forget to rsvp for a debate watch party near you!  rt @ofa_nc: #readyforjoe in asheville! "we're really excited to see @joebiden he's a relatable guy - i can connect with him."  ...rt @ofa_nc: christopher has @barackobama and @joebiden's back, and he has the shirt to prove it. #readyforjoe rt @ofa_nc: nyeesha is fired up to see @joebiden, and to cast her first vote in  days. #readyforjoe rt @ofa_nc: this packed house is fired up and ready for @joebiden at the fillmore. #readyforjoe vp biden got a sunny welcome in the sunshine state over the weekend: rt @vp: tonight, the naval observatory will go pink for #breastcancerawarenessmonth. help raise awareness of early detection. –dr. bbonus! after the debate, vp biden will speak to supporters at watch parties. don't miss it: cheer on president obama in wednesday’s first debate at a supporter watch party in your neighborhood: rt @nursingworld: 'if there's any angels in heaven they're all nurses' - thanks @joebiden, we agree! thanks to everyone who pitched in to help this campaign start strong in october: “hello, this is joe”: rt @barackobama: thanks to you, we’re just , grassroots donations away from  million. pitch in $ or more to help make it happen: ...pitch in $ before midnight to power this campaign when it matters most:  one-on-one in boca raton, fl: rt if you agree that social security should be protected—not written off as a ponzi scheme: vp biden stood up for protecting social security and medicare in tamarac, florida yesterday: make sure your grandparents know: romney could raise taxes on their social security benefits. just  weekends left till election day—get out there for a weekend of action event near you: “i’ve got news for governor romney and congressman ryan: america and americans are neither dependent nor are we in decline.”—vp bidenvp in fl: “the american people are so much better, so much stronger, take so much more responsibility than these guys give them credit for.”vp biden: “my dad used to say, joey, i don’t expect the government to solve my problems, but i do expect them to understand my problems.”vp on the romney-ryan medicare plan: “you’d have to reach into your pocket and come up with another $, a year.”“the action that the president took with regard to medicare has made the system solvent … through .”—vp biden in floridavp biden: “just look at the facts. president obama has increased the benefits available to people on medicare today by the action he took.”rt @ofa_fl: "why do i like @joebiden? because he's a straight shooter."—fabio, an #obama supporter at today's tamarac event.  ...vp biden on romney’s plan: “the average senior would have to pay $ more in taxes for their social security.” mitt romney’s tax plan could lead to higher costs for seniors—send an ecard to spread the word: vp biden is in florida today to talk about the stark choice on social security in this election. get the facts: video: president obama’s plan for creating jobs and strengthening the middle class. rt @lacasablanca: photo: @vp biden greets high school band mariachi halcon @ hispanic heritage month event @ the naval observatory #hhm: ... days. let’s do this thing.  the best thing you’ll read today: fired up, ready for joe in chesterfield, va: the choice on women’s health couldn’t be clearer: registering to vote takes less than  minutes. do it today, then spread the word: vp: “i’ve got news for gov. romney and congressman ryan: gentlemen, it has never, ever been a good bet to bet against the american people.”“we owe those of you who served, we owe the families of those who have served, an incredible debt.”—vp biden in virginiavp: “how could gov. romney and congressman ryan have such a profound misunderstanding of who the american people are?”“we don’t think it is a culture of dependency when a -year-old couple with a couple of kids gets a child care tax credit.”—vp bidenvp: “we do not think it creates a culture of dependency when a -year-old widow living alone has access to medicare and social security.”“instead of attacking folks who work for a living and pay their way, romney should be respecting their hard work.”—vp biden“they turn medicare into a voucher system, and they put insurance companies back in control of your health.”—vp biden on romney-ryanon romney-ryan: “their budget calls for massive cuts to education. they cut $. billion in  year out of elementary &amp; secondary education.”vp on the gop: “they say they care about the middle class. isn’t it amazing how they discovered the middle class at their convention?”“we put forward a concrete plan to cut the debt by $ trillion in the next  years.”—vice president biden in chesterfield, vart @ofa_va: vpotus: "if the  percent doesn’t make it, the country doesn’t make it." #readyforjoert @ofa_va: more "fired up, ready to go" chanting for vp @joebiden. really great mood at the fairgrounds here in chesterfield.don't wonder "what if"—give dinner with barack a shot before this great campaign tradition comes to an end. a favorite joe photo: get a free obama-biden car magnet in  easy steps:  rt @vp: photo: the vp’s . lb pumpkin has made it home to the naval observatory from new london, nh. before voting even starts, romney’s already written off half the country. be part of the team that fights for everyone: check out some highlights from the vp’s trip to new hampshire—then commit to vote: connect with the campaign on facebook and get a free obama-biden car magnet! touchdown joe: grins in dartmouth, new hampshire: “this is not a country of victims. this is a country where when people get knocked down, they get back up.” #vpinnh“we see a future where everyone—everyone, rich and poor—does their part and has a part.”—vp bidenwritten off by romney: “ million children, young adults from working-class families, who are in college because of pell grants.”written off by romney: “the -year-old vietnam war veteran who goes to the va hospital once a week to get help and treatment.”among those romney disdained: “the -year-old widow living on social security and medicare, which she worked her whole life to earn.”vp on romney’s % comment: “let’s take a look at the people who they think he has no responsibility toward, or who are dependent.”“i believe he genuinely believes that nearly half this country is made up of people who see themselves as victims.”—vp biden on romney“we are certain we will meet the goal in this country of once again having the highest percentage of college graduates by .” #vpinnhvp biden: “we’ve invested in early education to eliminate the achievement gap before kids hit second grade.”“we capped student loan repayments at  percent of your disposable income. it matters in what you’ll be able to do.”—vp biden“jill has an expression: any nation that out-educates us will out-compete us. it means we must be the best-educated nation in the world.”vp biden stands up for the % of americans who romney wrote off this week: vp biden: “the president and i have a fundamentally different vision for this country and a fundamentally different value set.”rt @ofa_nh: "it's never been a good bet to bet against the american people. never, ever." –@joebiden at @dartmouth college  ...how the bidens do fall (with a -pound pumpkin): rt @ofa_nh: it's a beautiful day to see @joebiden and dr. jill biden in @dartmouth. we're very excited to see everyone this morning! #vpinnhone year ago today, president obama ended “don’t ask, don’t tell": you've got to get involved—we've got the last dinner with barack of this campaign coming up: rt @vetsobama: one year ago today, we made dadt history. send an ecard to celebrate the progress we’ve made:   ...grabbing a bite in muscatine, iowa: check out the highlights from dr. jill biden’s trip to colleges in minnesota and pennsylvania last week: pass it on: photos: with just eight days to go until early voting starts in iowa, vp biden found folks fired up and ready to go. join americans of faith who are supporting @barackobama: pumpkin time means it’s voting season in the hawkeye state: watch gloria’s story—it’s powerful stuff: rt @ofa_ia: mary and her donkey are fired up and ready to welcome @joebiden to ottumwa! #bidenia vp in iowa: “it's time to stand up for the middle class.  and you can start moving in that direction in  days when early voting starts.”“i don't live in a country that's dependent or declining. there is no give-up anywhere in america.”—vp bidenvp: “the president and i have a different way forward. we know the way to create jobs is the old-fashioned way—from the middle out.”vp biden on romney: “he is totally out of touch with the reality of what ordinary americans deal with every day. he does not get it.”vp biden in ia: “the president has brought more trade cases against china in one term than the bush administration did in eight years.”“president obama understands that creating jobs here, keeping jobs here, bringing jobs back to america, that's the job of the president.”on romney’s jobs plan: “it will create , jobs—all of them overseas—and we’re being lectured by this guy about getting tough on china?”vp on romney (/): “the president won that case. as a consequence, , workers are making tires in this country and earning a good wage.”vp on romney (/): “he called the president a protectionist for stepping up and stopping an unfair surge of chinese automobile tires.”vp in iowa: “isn’t it great having a president who thinks it matters whether or not there’s still an auto industry in the united states?”rt @ofa_ia: suzie came out to support the vice president because "everyday he supports me, the middle class" #bidenia  days left till the election—sign up to make a difference now: just a few ways president obama is moving this country forward: rt @latinosforobama: inspiring letter to the president.  #latinosjoin dr. jill biden as a woman for obama: “from now until election day, i want to ask for everything you’ve got to help support president obama and my husband.”—dr. biden in padr. biden: “that means talking to all the women in your lives—ask them who they trust to stand up for women &amp; to keep expanding our rights.”dr. biden in pittsburgh: “we’ve got to realize how far we’ve come—and we’ve got to do our part to keep moving forward.” #women“for women of my generation, we know we can’t go back and refight those same battles that we fought years or decades ago.”—dr. biden“now insurance companies will no longer be able to charge us more for our coverage just because we’re women.”—dr. biden in padr. b: “the president has appointed more women to cabinet-level positions &amp; more women to the federal bench in his st term than anyone.”“it’s no surprise that the very first bill the president signed helped make it easier for women to earn the same pay as men.”—dr. bidendr. biden on vp biden: “he always says his proudest accomplishment was pushing for and passing the violence against women act.”dr. jill biden: “barack is the son of a single mother who worked hard to pay the bills.”“i’ve seen firsthand how barack and joe stand up for the rights and freedoms of women every day.”—dr. biden in pittsburgh, pa“i’m in love with a teacher”: dr. jill biden: “at the end of the day, it’s not barack or joe alone that are going to move this country forward. it’s you.”“i know that our president and vice president are fighting for the values that have always made our country so great.” #drbiden“he’s directed his entire administration to make the needs of military families a priority.”—dr. biden on president obamadr. jill biden on president obama: “he implemented and expanded the g.i. bill and signed tax cuts for businesses who hire veterans.”“they’re making smart investments to raise standards for teaching and learning in our public schools.”—dr. biden on potus &amp; vpotusdr. biden on potus &amp; vpotus: “they are giving students the right to repay their loans at a fixed percentage of their income.”“like most teachers, it isn’t just what i do—it is who i am.”—dr. jill biden in michigandr. biden: “so many issues i care deeply about are all at stake here in .’“this election is personal to me. and it’s not just because my husband’s name is on the ballot.”—dr. jill biden in mirt @ofa_mi: "our administration is fighting to make higher education affordable to the middle class." - dr. bidenrt @ofa_mi: dr. biden in grand rapids: "@barackobama and my husband are fighting for you every single day." in case you missed it, vp biden rallied students in eau claire, wisconsin yesterday: go backstage with vp biden, president obama, and the first lady at #dnc: “you can find out all the information you need at our websites:  and  bidendr. b: “every day, barack and joe are working so that every single american has an opportunity to provide for themselves &amp; their families.”“the president has a plan to train  million workers through partnerships between businesses and community colleges.” #drbidendr. biden: “community colleges are a cornerstone of our education policies.”dr. biden on potus and vpotus: “they doubled funding for pell grants and fought to make sure that student loan interest rates didn’t go up.”“barack and joe are working hard to invest in education and make it easier for young people to afford college.”—dr. jill biden in mndr. biden in mn: “i’m proud of this administration because i know that every single day, president obama &amp; my husband are fighting for you.”rt @ofa_mn: "i often say that my students are my heroes." jill biden, a community college professor, at @northhennepin #slotusmn  ...dr. jill biden is hitting the campaign trail with stops in minnesota, michigan &amp; pennsylvania—we’ll be covering all the action right here.rt @vp: photo: vp walks down the wh colonnade with olympic gold medalist @judo_kayla harrison today. (wh photo) #ismany  ...vp biden in wi: “america is coming back. we’re not going back. we’re going forward.”“we see a future where america leads not only by the example of our power, but by the power of our example.”—vp biden“our plan focuses first on education—, new science and math teachers in the next  years.”—vp biden in eau claire, wivp biden on romney-ryan: “they are not for medicare. they are for a plan called vouchercare.”vp on the gop: “what they're proposing will not extend the life of medicare. it will actually put the trust fund in jeopardy in .”vp biden on romney-ryan: “to them, it doesn’t matter much where american companies put their money or where they create jobs.”“the romney-ryan budget calls for massive cuts in elementary and secondary education.”—vp biden in eau claire, wivp in wi: “ out of every  jobs in the next  years are going to require a degree or certificate beyond high school—we must be prepared.”“the president &amp; i know neither one of us would be standing where we are today were it not for help we received in scholarships and loans.”vp: “the president &amp; i have a fundamentally different vision than gov. romney &amp; congressman ryan, and a different value set that guides us.”eau claire, wi welcomed vp biden with flair today: rt @vp: read the statement from vp biden marking the th anniversary of #vawa --  #ismanypresident obama on the values and faith that guide him—and our country—through difficult times: “like generations before us, you didn’t lose faith. you fought back. you didn’t give up, you got up.”—vp bidenrt @ofa_oh: .@barackobama and i are about bringing good jobs back to america.—@joebiden at wright state. #madeinohio“we have a lot of obligations—only one truly sacred one, and that is to equip those we send to war &amp; care for those who come home from war.”vp biden: “we've increased benefits for medicare recipients, and in addition, we've extended the solvency of this system to the year .”“we’ve set a goal—and we will accomplish it—of creating  million new manufacturing jobs by .”—vice president bidenvp: “our president knows creating jobs here in america, keeping jobs here, and bringing jobs back to america—that's the job of a president.”rt @ofa_oh: .@joebiden is getting a warm welcome from the packed crowd at wright state! #forward  “my personal prayer for all of you is that in every succeeding year, you’re able to sing more than you weep.”—vice president bidenpick out your favorite bumper sticker, and we’ll send it to you for free: vp biden swung through ohio this weekend—and supporters greeted him warmly at every stop: rt @barackobama: we closed the fundraising gap with mitt romney's campaign for the first time since april. that's huge—thank you.  ...it was peach pie and motorcycle talk for the vp at cruisers diner in seaman, ohio yesterday: rt if you agree with vp biden: “it's never been a good bet to bet against america!”—vp biden in zanesville, oh back in action: rt @vp: photo: vp w/ sen. john glenn and his wife annie, gov. strickland, and valerie biden owens, in columbus, oh. (wh photo)  ...rt @ofa_oh: making a guest appearance at @joebiden's stops in ohio today: the #heartland rv! more than , grassroots donations—and counting—to help re-elect president obama and vice president biden: rt @ofa_oh: "it's good to be here in zanesville!"--@joebiden to roaring applause from the crowd. #forward we’re kicking off the biggest weekend of action yet, and chances are there’s an event near you. get out there: pitch in $ to the president and vice president who are working to strengthen the middle class every day: president obama laid out a plan to restore the promise of middle class security last night: vp biden spoke from the heart last night—watch his speech and get inspired all over again: after a great #dnc, it’s time to register voters and win this thing—find a weekend of action event near you: if you’re in for four more years, stand with president obama and vice president biden today: .@barackobama, @michelleobama, vp biden, and dr. jill biden—together again on the campaign trail! follow @ofa_nh and @ofa_ia for the latest.pitch in $ now to make sure this campaign stays strong all the way to a win in november: “the middle class wasn’t a number—it wasn’t a net worth. it was more of a value set.”—vp biden on his upbringing: we’ll be live-tweeting the vp’s speech on @obama—follow along for the latest.before @barackobama takes the stage tonight, watch his brother-in-law craig relive another dnc speech: catch up on all the great speeches and stories from #dnc so far: rt if you’re excited for vp biden’s speech at :pm et: president bill clinton is explaining why we should vote obama-biden on nov. . watch it live: get to know the  key points of the democratic party platform in  rt-friendly graphic: couldn’t make it to charlotte? catch vp biden and president obama’s speeches at a neighborhood watch party tomorrow: "barack knows the american dream because he's lived it." watch @michelleobama's debut at the dnc last night: if #dnc has you fired up, do something about it: commit to vote today. san antonio mayor julian castro knocked it out of the park at #dnc last night. take a look: vp biden. kal penn. coming tomorrow to a livestream near you: jill and i are looking forward to hearing from our amazing first lady tonight—we think she's going to knock it out of the park. –joea moving tribute to the late sen. ted kennedy: vp to union workers in mi: “we know who built this country, and we know who is going to rebuild it. it’s you. we should be thanking you.”“let me make something clear and say it to the press, america is better off today.”—vice president biden in detroit“it’s simple, folks. we’re for medicare; they're for voucher-care. and if they win, people are in trouble.”—vp bidenvp biden: “while we’re talking about making sure we protect medicare, they're talking about creating an entire new system—voucher-care.”“‘right to work’ means the right to work for less, not for what you deserve. that's not going to happen as long as we’re here.”—vp bidenvp biden: “the president and i are determined to replace the word ‘outsourcing’ for our children’s generation with the word ‘insourcing.’”“because of you and your productivity, the combined auto companies have committed to invest another $ billion in expansion in america.”“you’re the reason why the automobile industry is back.”—vp biden at an afl-cio labor rally in detroit yesterdayvp in detroit yesterday: “much of what they told you at their convention is simply, as they say in my old neighborhood, not on the level.”cheer on vp biden and president obama thursday night at a #dnc watch party near you: the vp took the stage in york, pennsylvania with his grandson and son on sunday. rt @latinosforobama: rt: don't miss san antonio mayor julián castro’s speech, live from #dnc tonight at  p.m. et.  ...rt @alswrite: these detroiters are fired up to see @joebiden--and to see @barackobama serve four more years. #obama   ...check out highlights from the vp’s visit to york, pennsylvania yesterday: rt @ofa_mi: .@stabenow: "we wouldn't have a middle class if we didn't make things like we do here in detroit. @barackobama &amp; @joebid ...video: vp biden talks about the basic choice on medicare between @barackobama and mitt romney. to the more than  million americans who have given to this campaign: thank you. video: in iowa, @barackobama offers his thoughts on the republican convention: rt if you’re ridin’ with biden: .@barackobama on the gop convention: "they talked a lot about me. but they didn't say much about you." lordstown, ohio welcomes the vp: rt @ofa_oh: "i love @joebiden!"-- all-star volunteer lucy in lordstown. #obama vp biden: “we do not think you grow the economy from millionaires down. we know we build it from the middle class out.”vice president biden in ohio: “this is no time to go back. we have to continue to move forward.”rt @ofa_oh: .@joebiden has the mahoning valley's back. #madeinohio on romney-ryan: “they talk about extending the bush tax cuts for the very wealthy—$ billion of the tax cuts will go to , families.”vp on the auto rescue that romney opposed: “, auto workers who’ve been added to the rolls since reorganization would not be working.”vp on paul ryan’s false claim about a gm plant closing: “that plant in janesville actually closed while president bush was still in office.”vp biden on the romney-ryan budget: “let’s look at how much they value you. they propose making massive cuts in education.”“‘romney was willing to go to extremes to secure a federal bailout’ when bain consulting was on the verge of collapse.”—vp biden in oh“there’s nothing bold about turning medicare into a voucher system.”—vp biden on the romney-ryan plan“they call their plan new, bold, and gutsy. there’s nothing gutsy about giving another trillion in tax cuts to millionaires.”—vp bidenvp biden in ohio: “they said last night that things weren’t getting better. i guess they don’t know what’s happening here in lordstown.”vp: “if we win this election, it will be because of what you did in moments like this to help close the spending gap.” .@barackobama on how you can prove the cynics wrong one more time: new ofa video: mitt romney's "unshakable" record. growing this campaign from the ground up—talking to voters about the issues that matter most to them—is how we win: ohio, get fired up—vp biden is holding a grassroots event in lordstown on friday. follow @ofa_oh for the latest!president obama is fighting for small businesses right here in the u.s.: rt if you agree we don’t need a president whose private-sector experience involved outsourcing u.s. jobs: mitt romney’s “convention reinvention”: help win this election—donate $ today: “this is how we could lose the election.” “there’s no quit in america.”—vp biden in minnesota this week: vp biden and @evalongoria will speak to supporters in orlando next week about the important choice latino voters face this fall.“the vice president called my phone bank!”  olympic champion boxer claressa shields gave vp biden a gold-medal show of support in detroit this week: rt @barackobama: now's the time to say you stand with president obama in this election—and against false, divisive attacks:  ...calculate your savings on college costs thanks to president obama’s policies: four more years: vice president biden: “i am absolutely certain we will rebuild this country stronger than it was before.”rt @scederbe: "we see an america where women get equal pay for equal work." -@joebiden #obamavp: “my mom used to say, children tend to become that which you expect of them. we expect a lot of you because you are capable of a lot.”“a job is about a lot more than a paycheck. it’s about your dignity. it is about your place in the community.”—vp biden in detroit today“there's nothing bold about cutting medicaid, medicare, education, and research and development.”—vp on the romney-ryan economic planvp biden on the romney-ryan plan today: “they call it new and gutsy. but i say there’s nothing new about giving a millionaire a tax break.”rt @ofa_mi: team southfield is "fired up and ready for joe!" #obama  rt @ofa_mi: flint's olympic gold medalist boxer claressa shields is in the building for @joebiden! #obama  “we expanded the number of children able to attend college— million to  million just since we've come to office—because of pell grants.”“we rescued the automobile industry, saving a million jobs and creating , brand-new, good-paying jobs.”—vp bidenvp in mn: “we know the way to grow the economy is the way we always have—from the middle class out. that’s how we’ve always done it.”vp biden on the romney-ryan economic plan: “there’s overwhelming evidence that their policies will not grow the economy.”video: vp biden on how president obama—unlike mitt romney—has stood up to china when american jobs are on the line. rt @ofa_mn: "we see an america where my four granddaughters have every single solitary opportunity my grandson has!" @joebidenrt @amygdudley: @joebiden at the depot in minneapolis today @ofa_mn #bidenmn mt @adamsmithtimes: obama campaign confirms joe biden in fla next week during gop conventionrt @ofa_mn: ken, first in line to see @joebiden in mpls, "i've been excited for this for days!" #bidenmn go to the democratic convention, meet the president, and spend time with the first lady—airfare’s on us: “best contest ever”: rt @ofa_mi: vice president @joebiden visits detroit this wednesday. find out how to get your free ticket:  #obamathe vp is heading to minnesota and michigan tomorrow and wednesday. follow @ofa_mn and @ofa_mi for the latest!"we've come too far to turn back now. we've got too much work to do." our solemn obligation: deputy campaign manager @stefcutter fact-checks mitt romney’s medicare claims: virginia for obama-biden: “a story to tell: coffee with joe biden.” keep your beverages frosty for the last few weeks of summer with the vp’s “cheers, champ” can holder: smiles on the road in virginia: vp biden: “you don't have to worry about barack obama fundamentally flopping and flipping on important issues of the day.”vp: “we've strengthened medicare to extend its life by  years, made reforms that have saved seniors hundreds on their prescription drugs.”“we've cut taxes, over the initial resistance of our republican friends, for middle-class people by $,.”—vp bidenvp: “we expanded from  million to  million students, tens of thousands here in virginia who are going to college on a pell grant now.”“we don’t think you grow the economy from millionaires down. we think you grow it from the middle class out.”—vp bidenvp in blacksburg, va: “to paraphrase president clinton, gov. romney’s proposals on the economy are george bush’s proposals on steroids.”“the president and i have a very different vision for america. it rests on a growing, prosperous middle class, a fair tax code.”—vp bidenvp in va: “we're going to give a tax break to any company who unbolts their factory stuff in singapore and brings it back to danville.”vp biden on pell grants: “we expanded by  million people the number of kids from working-class families who get a grant to attend college.”“in spite of gov. romney’s pleas, we still went out and rescued the automobile industry.  we saved a million jobs.”—vp biden in virginiavp: “we think the way you rebuild this country is you grow it from the middle class out, the old-fashioned way, not from millionaires down.”vp biden on the gop budget: “they refer to it as ‘bold’ and ‘gutsy.’ i don’t get what’s gutsy about giving millionaires another tax break.”from firefighters to football players, the vp met some friendly north carolinians and virginians yesterday: photo of the day: thanking first responders in durham, nc. vp biden called a surprise huddle at a high school football practice in danville, va yesterday:  “we see an america where we maintain our sacred obligation of keeping faith with veterans—not cutting their benefits.”—vp bidenvp in nc: “we see an america where my granddaughters have every single solitary opportunity my grandson has—every single one.”“we offer a stark alternative to the ryan vision and the romney vision, and it all rests on a growing, prosperous middle class.”—vp bidenvp biden on paul ryan: “he proposed privatizing social security, a proposal that even the bush administration rejected as ‘irresponsible.’”vp biden: “we cut taxes for middle-class people over these four years by $,. we provided  tax cuts to grow small business.”vp biden in durham, nc on the contrast between president obama and romney-ryan: “it comes down to a fundamentally different set of values.”supporters were fired up for joe in durham, nc today: vp biden visited the basilica of our lady of guadalupe, the most holy roman catholic site in mexico, this march: we're launching catholics for obama today—join us here:  the vice president is visiting north carolina and virginia this week. follow @ofa_nc and @ofa_va for the latest.worth a read—writer george saunders on why the president’s support for the violence against women act earned his vote: now that we know who's on both teams, stand with obama-biden: get the facts about romney-ryan and rt to spread the word: vp biden called paul ryan this morning to wish him well, saying he's looking forward to engaging him on the choice voters face in november.video: see how mitt romney’s pledge to “get rid of” planned parenthood would impact women’s health care. rt @barackobama: share how president obama’s plan to extend middle-class tax cuts would help your family:  #dollarsrt if you’re on the left: on this date in , sonia sotomayor was sworn in as the supreme court’s th justice: introducing the obama classic—your chance to join president obama and a who’s-who of basketball greats: video: deputy campaign manager @stefcutter explains mitt romney’s tax plan. what would your family pay in taxes if mitt romney were president? find out: get the facts on the president’s fight to protect early voting in ohio: dining local in independence, iowa: ohioans—including servicemembers and vets who served our country—shouldn’t have to endure shameful attempts to restrict their voting rights."we're going to keep our commitment to american veterans no matter what happens.”—vp biden today: happy birthday to a great president and a wonderful friend. –joesee how middle-class families in your state would fare under mitt romney’s tax plan: president @barackobama turns  tomorrow—join the first lady and sign his birthday card: rt @barackobama: what a small business loan (and some wind) can do:  #madeinamericart this if you agree with vp biden that congress needs to reauthorize the violence against women act: a photo that makes us smile: dr. jill biden welcomes a young visitor to the naval observatory. mitt romney’s tax plan would raise taxes on the average middle-class family—find out how it would affect yours: attention, iowans—in just  days, you can cast your vote for president obama. commit to vote now (cc @ofa_ia): rt @truthteam: non-partisan study concludes that romney's tax breaks for the wealthy will "inevitably hurt the middle class":  ...rt @vp: so proud of our @usolympic athletes representing our country at the london #olympics. go #teamusa!  --vp“women everywhere are counting on us, and they can't wait any longer.”—vp biden: rt @latinosforobama: ¡felicidades mayor @juliancastro! join latinos for obama today.  #latinos wondering how to get involved with #obama? there’s an app for that: today is this campaign’s biggest fundraising deadline yet. donate $ before midnight: charming the locals in manchester, iowa: check out what it’s like to be a part of the #obama campaign—then sign up to get involved: help close the fundraising gap and donate to president obama now, while there’s still time to make a difference: some straight talk from joe this morning: i just made a stop at chicago hq today, which confirmed to me why we’re going to win. this is an amazing operation. –joestand up for the progress president obama has made for teachers and students—join educators for obama today: “the defining feature here is that to me, to jill, to barack, to michelle, the middle class is not a number.”—vp biden to @aftunionvp biden on the gop and mitt romney: “it looks as though they decided that public education is not worth the investment anymore.”vp biden to educators at the aft convention yesterday: “you’re out there to teach because somebody, some teacher, lit a spark in you.”dr. jill biden to the american federation of teachers in detroit yesterday: “being a teacher is not what i do, it’s who i am.”rt @aftunion: aft members are very excited to hear from @joebiden! #aftconv this one makes us smile: it’s the biggest #obama weekend of action yet, and it kicks off tomorrow. find an event near you: rt @barackobama: u.s.a.! u.s.a.! .@barackobama: "i believe in fighting for the middle class, because if they're prospering all of us will prosper." vp biden’s son, @beaubiden, on the promises president obama has made—and kept—to our veterans: from  tax cuts to more access to loans, find out how president obama is giving small businesses a leg up: vp to firefighters: “i think you represent the heart, the soul, the very sinew of the cities, the towns, the counties that you protect.”vp: “the middle class is about being able to own your home and not just rent it, or being able to send your kid to a park you know is safe.”“you live in the neighborhoods you protect. you are the community.”—vp biden speaking to firefighters at the iaff convention yesterdaybarack and i will continue to do everything we can to keep police officers across the country on the beat. –joethe president and i are honored to accept the endorsement of the national association of police organizations. –joert @iaffnewsdesk: #firefighters give a huge ovation to @vp biden for speaking at #iaff convention. watch live: the vice president speaks at the international association of fire fighters convention in philadelphia. president obama and vice president biden are proud to accept today’s endorsement of the national association of police organizations.“it’s a choice between two very different plans for our country.” vp: “president obama has stood up repeatedly, publicly &amp; often alone against efforts to delegitimize israel at the un and around the world.”vp biden on mitt romney: “he reflexively criticizes the president’s policies without offering any alternatives.”“because of president obama’s leadership, osama bin laden is dead and general motors is alive.”—vice president biden“he has done more for israel’s security than any president since harry truman.”—vp biden on president obamavp biden: “president obama has taken the fight directly to america’s enemies, confronting al-qaeda head on and taking out osama bin laden.”a statement from vp biden on mitt romney’s critiques of the president's foreign policy record today: “empty rhetoric and bluster."find out why vp biden reminds brandon, an @ofa_ca volunteer, of his dad: take it from vp biden—you’ll have fun at president obama’s birthday party: the vice president’s commitment to first responders: a favorite joe photo: engineers, babies, and plenty of smiles greeted the vp in columbus, ohio last week: register a voter, tell a story to inspire one person, volunteer one hour of your time—find out more about it takes one: every opportunity: the vp fires up the crowd in columbus, ohio: rt @ofa_oh: "on a fundamental level, he gets us."--neighborhood team leader jay, fired up for @joebiden! #madeinohio president obama bet on ohio workers, and now manufacturing’s making a comeback—get the facts in this new report: rt if you agree mitt romney should do the right thing and release more than one year of tax returns: rt @ofa_oh: don't miss @joebiden on the campaign trail in columbus this thursday:  #madeinohiothe president’s having a birthday party in chicago next month, and you’re invited: vp biden is visiting columbus, ohio on thursday—check out these awesome pics from his may visit to the buckeye state: president obama in ohio: “when the auto industry was on the brink of collapse and gov. romney said, ‘let detroit go bankrupt,' i said no.”“i will wake up every single day fighting for you as hard as i know how.”—president obama speaking in cincinnati todayvp biden talks about the gop’s “different value set” on family issues like reforming social security and medicare: rt if you agree: a favorite joe photo: rt @barackobama: a beloved member of our campaign family, alex okrent, passed away today. our prayers are with his loved ones. we will m ...meet marge—an iowa volunteer for #obama who goes way back with the vice president: “i believe this election will come down to character, conviction, and vision.”—vp biden at the naacp todayvice president biden: “we are our brother’s keeper. we are our sister’s keeper. we have an obligation.”“when you have the right to vote, you have the right to change things.”—vp biden on the president’s commitment to voting rights“we see an america where our daughters have every—and i mean every—opportunity our sons have.”—vp biden to the naacp today“in the end, that’s what the presidency’s all about: your character. your convictions.”—vp biden to the naacp todaydon’t miss this great highlight reel from the vice president’s trip to iowa last month: the choice this november: vp biden on mitt romney's double standard: watch the vice president describe mitt romney’s lack of “sound judgment” on the housing foreclosure crisis: “ladies and gentlemen, don’t miss this. this is your moment. this is the moment for your community.”—vp biden addressing @nclr todayvp biden: “we believe the way to grow the economy—an economy that's built to last—is from the middle out, the old-fashioned way.”“the american people support the dreamers.”—vp biden speaking at #nclr todayas a presidential candidate, romney’s father released  years of tax returns, saying, “one year could be a fluke, perhaps done for show.”rt @truthteam: .@joebiden on mitt romney's refusal to release more tax returns: rt @gabidomenzain: .@joebiden speaking to #nclr at : pst "@mittromney wants you to show your papers, but he won’t show us his."watch vp biden fire up the crowd in waterloo, iowa last month on president obama’s record of supporting american jobs: the president is in cedar rapids, iowa today to speak up for the middle class—follow our live-tweet on @obama at :pm et.rt @nclr: it's joe biden day at #nclr and we're up early! get excited!vp biden will be speaking to @nclr in las vegas tomorrow—have you checked out @latinosforobama? "this isn’t about taxing job creators. this is about helping job creators."—president obamapresident obama: "i’m calling on congress to extend the tax cuts on the % of americans who make less than $, a year.”rt @obama: president obama: "i’ve cut taxes every year that i've been president by $, for the typical middle-class family.”if you’re a teacher who stands by the progress the president and vice president have made, join educators for obama:   vp biden shared his personal reasons for supporting a strong education system at the nea’s annual assembly: donate $ or more and you’ll get a cup of joe mug along with a chance to join the vp for coffee on the campaign trail: check out photos, videos, and audio postcards from president obama’s bus tour through ohio and pennsylvania: president obama in pittsburgh today: “if you still believe in me like i believe in you, i hope you will stand with me in .”scranton, pa gave the vp a warm hometown welcome this week: the president’s in ohio today—don’t miss this video of vp biden’s last swing through the buckeye state: the vp’s having coffee with a supporter, and it could be you. pitch in for your chance to have a cup of joe with joe: rt @ofa_pa: scranton is getting ready to welcome @joebiden home tonight at the scrantastic spectacular fireworks show tonight!  ...rt @barackobama: “we need to choose someone who invests in america, not in a swiss bank account.”—vp @joebiden last week on romney’s off ...president obama is visiting ohio this week—check out highlights from the vp’s trip to the mahoning valley last month: “light a fire under these guys &amp; tell them we will not settle in education. we will not trade off education for other priorities.”—vp at neavp at nea, on romney: “i can't think of a candidate for president who’s ever made such a direct assault on such an honorable profession.”“you chose to be teachers because you know every child is entitled to do as well as they can.”—vp biden to educators at the nea convention“ladies and gentlemen, my name's joe biden and i'm in love with a teacher.”—vp biden speaking at the nea convention todaythe vp dropped in on the sisters of mount st. francis in dubuque last week to catch up and share cookies and ice cream: vp biden was on the road talking to iowans last week—check out his speech in dubuque: every little bit helps: pitch in $ to #obama before tonight’s big fundraising deadline. rt if you agree the u.s. doesn’t need an outsourcer-in-chief: on the road in iowa: a moment in the oval office: help prove that a grassroots movement can still win an election—pitch in $ now: from taking care of their kids to accessing preventive care, watch americans talk about what the #aca means to them: rt @barackobama: see how president obama’s health care law helps you and your family:   #acart @vp: today’s decision is a really big – important – deal. find out what it means for you:   –vppresident obama: "today’s decision was a victory for people all across this country whose lives will be more secure."great to be back in iowa this week—thanks to old friends and new ones for the warm welcome. –joert @ofa_ia: "i'm more optimistic about the future of our country now then back when i was a  year old kid!"— @joebiden #bideniart @ofa_ia: backdrop of the mighty mississippi to kickoff day  of #bidenia. all smiles in manchester, iowa: “we'll never be able to outsource our way to greatness. the greatness of this nation is the grit and determination of all of you.”—vp biden“don’t listen to any economist who tries to define the middle class for you as a number … the middle class is a way of life.”—vp bidenvp: “over the last two years, [john] deere has added  jobs—almost all of them good, union manufacturing jobs.” #bideniniafact: iowa has created nearly , additional manufacturing jobs and a growing renewable energy sector under president obama.“give mitt romney credit: he is a job creator. in singapore. and china. and india.”—vp biden in waterloo, iowa todayfact: under president obama, iowa’s economy has experienced record farm incomes and exports.rt @ofa_ia: whaddya mean you haven't rsvp'd to see @joebiden in waterloo tomorrow? better hurry, today's the last day: the vp kicks off the strengthening the middle class bus tour in iowa tomorrow—be sure to follow @ofa_ia for the latest.be sure to follow the “joe biden on the road” pinterest board for updates from the campaign trail:  #obamaa favorite joe photo: rt @barackobama: president obama said he’d fight to make college more affordable—here’s how he delivered:  #promisekeptpresident obama’s creating jobs right here in the u.s.; romney would ship them overseas: president obama’s student loan reform freed up more than $ billion to make college more affordable and reduce the deficit. #progressrt @demconvention: vpotus @joebiden: “let me know you’ll be a part of our convention.” #dnc the vp on the importance of a good education—rt if you agree: rt @vp: check out our new psa on dating violence, featuring the president, vp, &amp; sports leaders because #ismany -- rt @truthteam: if you agree with @joebiden on what being in the middle class means, rt this: "at the end of the day, it's about sitting down with your kid and being able to say, 'it's going to be okay.'"—vp biden at #nabjrt @herbertlowe: witnessing vice president joe biden speaking to @nabj's convention in new orleans. #nabj continues to attract our natio ...vp biden surprised a recent college grad with a phone call yesterday: vp biden: “to me, being middle class is not a number; it's a way of life, it's a value set. it's about a minimum standard of living.”“the president says we can't build this economy from the top down, but from the middle out—that's what this is about.”—vp bidenvp biden to @afscme members today: “you provide the ability of people to live a decent, middle-class life. we owe you.”“every single day in my classroom, i see the power of education to break down barriers &amp; instill confidence.”—dr. biden mitt romney traveled through the buckeye state this weekend—see what some ohioans had to say about his visit: vp: “for so many americans, including myself, the debt we all owe to our firefighters and police officers is personal.” watch why teachers all over the country are doing everything they can to get president obama re-elected in november: dr. biden knows our students deserve a president who’s committed to their education—join her as an educator for obama: the vp’s pledge to those who keep us safe: agree % with the president: we can’t afford to jeopardize our future by repeating the mistakes of the past. –joethe president said it well: we have a plan to give everyone a fair shot. they don’t. –joeamerican voters, the president was right. the only way to break the stalemate in washington is you. –joethe president made it clear: the only way we believe we can build an economy that lasts is through a middle class that prospers. –joethe president laid out starkly the choice in this election—between gov. romney and the gop vision and ours. great speech. –joewe’ll be live-tweeting the president’s remarks on @obama—follow along for the latest.rt @barackobama: david axelrod will do a twitter q&amp;a after the president’s speech today—you can get your questions in now with the h ...don’t forget to watch the president speak on building an economy that works for everyone at :pm et: the president is speaking on economic fairness tomorrow at :pm et. rsvp to watch live: we asked people to share how teachers and first responders have impacted their lives—and the responses poured in: the vp meets with supporters after speaking at a fire station in flint, michigan in : romney economics means fewer teachers, fewer firefighters, and fewer police officers: the president’s plan to put cops and firefighters back to work would protect our nation’s “most basic obligation” to keep our citizens safe.the romney campaign doubled down on its pledge to cut jobs for teachers, firefighters, and police officers yesterday: rt @barackobama: if a teacher, police officer, or first responder has made a difference in your life, share your story here:  ...cutting jobs for teachers, firefighters, and police officers won’t grow the economy—but that’s mitt romney’s plan: the president’s jobs plan would put folks back to work right away—tell congress we can’t wait: the choice for the middle class is clear—romney would cut jobs for teachers and first responders; the president would put them back to work.while romney’s policies are the same ones that led us into the  economic crisis, the president is fighting to get folks back on the job.photo of the day: vp biden dancing with his daughter ashley at her wedding on saturday. the vp enjoyed some frozen custard with locals in downtown winston-salem yesterday: rt @vp: we can’t wait.the president has a plan to move this country forward, but we can’t wait for politics on capitol hill -vp on #cong ...the vp and the @cfpb are helping every college student get the right info on how to pay for their education: “it's going to empower students and families to be back in the driver's seat.”—vp biden on new college financial aid toolsvp biden on the , manufacturing jobs created in the past two years: massachusetts was th out of  states in job creation with mitt romney at the helm: weigh in with what you’d like to see on the @cfpb’s “know before you owe” college financial aid shopping sheet: get to know the president’s blueprint for making college more affordable: the vp believes students should know how much a year of college will cost—and what types of financial aid are available to them.vp biden, @arneduncan, and @cfpb’s richard cordray announce plans to make college more affordable: rt @barackobama: president obama on the paycheck fairness act, up for a vote today: "this is more than just about fairness."  ...rt @vp: photo: the vp's daughter ashley and her husband howard at their wedding today. (official wh photo-david lienemann)  ...the vp on the promises the obama administration has kept to servicemembers and veterans: for all the latest on #obama’s work with vets and military families, follow @vetsobama, @beaubiden, and @joiningforces. #fflast december, vp biden welcomed home sailors of the uss gettysburg after a deployment to the middle east: get the facts on president obama’s record of preserving our sacred trust with our servicemembers and veterans: rt @ofa_nc: “last week vice president joe biden called my mom.” read about mary’s surprise from the vice president last week.  ...rt @barackobama: a comprehensive look at how mitt romney failed to create jobs and protect the middle class in massachusetts:  ...it’s barack’s last campaign—chip in what you can before tonight’s important fundraising deadline: read dr. biden’s powerful account of her son’s deployment to iraq in : as a military mom, dr. jill biden knows how important it is that we provide long-term support to our veterans: president obama is standing up for those who serve—join veterans and military families for obama to stand with him: from career counseling to tax credits, find out what president obama is doing to help military families: january : vp biden travels with gen. david petraeus aboard a chinook helicopter in afghanistan. the president and first lady recorded a special message for servicemembers to mark the launch of @vetsobama: get to know joe's son @beaubiden—a major in the delaware army national guard, public servant, and @vetsobama advocate: rt @vp: west point is in the business of producing...not only great officers, but great leaders and great americans. -vp @westpoint_usma ...today we honor our nation’s fallen heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice for their country. we will never forget.  – joethree years ago today, vp biden joined president obama as he nominated sonia sotomayor to the supreme court: rt @ofa_nc: in charlotte yesterday @joebiden was greeted by "fired up, ready for joe!" by an enthusiastic @ofa_nc team. dr. jill biden announced a new way to honor our nation’s servicemembers earlier this month: rt @ofa_nc: @joebiden rallied @ofa_nc in charlotte today and was greeted with big crowd chanting "fired up, ready for joe!"  ...the vp fired up #obama supporters in new hampshire this week: lunch summit. more great pics from the vp’s campaign trip through ohio and pennsylvania: “our focus on the middle class is a reflection on the fundamental economic story of the journey of the history of this country.”—vp bidenthanks to randy johnson for sharing his story about the impact of romney economics—let's fight to keep different values in the wh. –joerandy tells the story of how mitt romney's firm forced his company into bankruptcy and walked away with millions: rt @barackobama: how mitt romney's firm took over a successful paper company, loaded it with debt, and cost , workers their jobs: ht ...rt @hramer: vice president joe biden greets firefighters in manchester, nh rt @ofa_nh: fourth graders greet @joebiden in #peterborough, class president (and vp!) in attendance:  #nh #vpinnhthe vp’s plan for today: talking to grassroots supporters all over new hampshire.new photos from the vp’s #madeinohio tour last week: rt @aadaro: full house of @vetsobama fired up and ready to go @ofa_nc with @beaubiden #veteransforobama a new way to follow joe as he crisscrosses the country for #obama—presenting the “joe on the road” pinterest board: "if you give them a fair shot, ordinary american people will never let the country down.”—vp biden in martins ferry, ohio yesterdayblue skies and sunshine greeted vice president biden in ohio this morning. rt @beaubiden: pres @barackobama puts jobs, education &amp; health care for veterans first. they earned it. @vetsobama  -bbfour years ago, president obama promised to bring back american manufacturing—and he's keeping his word:  #madeinohiovp biden in ohio: “there are signs of life and hope in the heartland.” “it’s not just that manufacturing’s coming back. the middle class is coming back. america is coming back.”—vp biden in youngstown yesterdayvice president biden stopped by to say thanks to firefighters in salem, ohio today. rt @ofa_oh: “our valley is coming back thanks to the courage of @barackobama and @joebiden.”—volunteer leader penny. #madeinohio  ...join iowa's #women leaders call with dr. jill biden tonight to discuss what’s at stake this november: in ohio,  in  jobs relate to the auto industry—that’s , ohioans whose jobs are more secure thanks to president obama. #madeinohiort @ofa_oh: volunteers are the beating heart of this campaign, and they're fired up for @joebiden! #madeinohio a powerful video everyone should see: the vp’s headed to the buckeye state today for a two-day visit—stay tuned for updates from the road. #madeinohiothanks to president obama’s auto industry rescue, ohio has been on a steady road to recovery:  #madeinohiostart getting fired up: check out the speech the vp gave to @uaw autoworkers in toledo this march.  #madeinohiovp biden’s swinging through the buckeye state this week—we’ll be tweeting about his trip with the hashtag #madeinohioin , vp biden helped secure $ billion in grants to hire and rehire police officers around the country: in february, vp biden praised a new public safety broadband network that will keep firefighters, cops, and emts safer: the vp’s welcoming some #topcops to the white house tomorrow as part of his long-standing commitment to our nation’s first responders.vp biden made a cameo on jeopardy last night: two years ago today: elena kagan poses with the vp and president obama on the day she’s nominated to the supreme court. the newest #obama ad is a look at the progress we've made these last few years: rt @vp: the senate lost a brilliant strategic mind, a man with absolute integrity. he will be missed. -vp on @senatorlugardr. jill biden encouraged graduates from @browardcollege to “lift up others” at their commencement last friday: in case you could use a cup of joe in your day: let’s get this president the second term he deserves. –joeit’s great to see people so fired up at the president’s rallies today—i'm ready to go for the next six months, hope you are too. –joeattending one of the rallies in person or taking part online? tweet your thoughts and photos with the hashtag #obamalet’s get this show on the road: tune in to  at :pm et for the first #obama campaign rally of the year.learn more about the vp’s efforts to combat teen dating violence:  #ismanyvp biden talked to the @ywcausa today about the importance of reauthorizing the #vawa: rt @betsymtp: sunday on @meetthepress: obama kicks off reelection campaign w rallies saturday and vp biden talks exclusively to @davidgr ...vp biden hosted a cinco de mayo breakfast this week—keep the celebration going by following @latinosforobama. #ffget in on the #obama rally action this saturday from home—your note or photo could be featured on the livestream: the obama-biden campaign kicks into high gear with a rally in columbus tomorrow—watch live at :pm et: rt @vp: photo: vp biden celebrates cinco de mayo a few days early at a breakfast at the naval observatory, //. rt @vp: photo: vp biden tours the archives of @lafcol – where his great-grandfather and great uncles enrolled. vp biden spoke at @lafcol in pennsylvania last night—the same school his great-grandfather attended: take a look back through joe’s career with these photos (via @tpm): dr. biden spoke in kansas city, missouri about the role community colleges play in developing a st century workforce: the vp spoke to @laredhispana about how president obama’s policies are benefiting latinos: joe fans: be sure to bookmark the new vp biden page on the #obama website for updates from the campaign trail: a favorite joe photo: the president and vp walking together at a chrysler plant in indiana. there’s still time to get in on the #obama voter registration weekend of action—find an event near you: recap the vp's  trip to chile and costa rica and read the op-ed he wrote for latin american newspapers: in march, the vp traveled to mexico and honduras to talk economic and security issues: vp biden led the u.s. delegation to south africa for the  world cup—get his take on the experience: vp national security speech week: biden hails the successful "reset" of u.s.-russia relations in . the vp gave a speech on national security yesterday at nyu—watch his full remarks: “the violence against women act is as important today as it’s ever been.”—vpotus urging the house to pass #vawa after the senate vote todayvp: “there’s no country better positioned to lead the world in the st century than the u.s., but only if we stay on the course we’re on.”vp biden: “to the extent governor romney has shown any foreign policy vision, it is through the glass of a rearview mirror.”vpotus: “gov. romney reflexively criticizes the president’s policies, and almost in every case without offering any specific alternative.”“we made the g- a new forum for international economic coordination, recognizing the reality of the st century.”—vice president bidenvpotus: “we’ve taken more terrorists off the battlefield in the last  years than in the previous , putting al-qaeda on a path to defeat.”vice president biden: “gov. romney’s foreign and security policy would return us to the past we have worked so hard to move beyond.”.@joebiden on president obama: “he set in motion a policy that ended the war in iraq responsibly.”the live stream of vp biden’s foreign policy speech kicks off at :am et—watch at tune in to  tomorrow at :am et—we’ll be streaming vp biden’s national security speech from nyu.there’s an #obama weekend of action coming up, and joe wants you to get involved—see what’s going on in your town: photo gallery: the vice president explores turkey during a december  trip. vp national security speech week: in december, the vp marked the end of combat operations in iraq. the vp spoke about the importance of building a sovereign, stable afghanistan in january : watch highlights from the vp’s  trip to asia, including a visit with japanese earthquake survivors: read vice president biden’s op-ed on the benefits of a strong u.s.-china relationship: vp national security speech week: check out photos from the vice president’s trip to china last summer. in may , the vp reaffirmed u.s. solidarity with a unified eu in an address to the european parliament: during a visit to the middle east in , the vp spoke of the close bond between the u.s. and israel: to tee up the vp’s speech, we’ll be spotlighting the vice president’s foreign policy work—stay tuned for stories and photos all week long.on thursday, vp biden will make a campaign stop at nyu to talk about national security.joe told @caranddriver about his passion for cars—and why president obama’s auto industry rescue was the right move: joe spells out why organizing for #obama now will make all the difference in november: joe biden tells @esquiremag what he’s learned so far: a favorite photo: joe gets barbecue with his son beau during the  democratic national convention in denver. watch vice president biden make the case for reauthorizing the #vawa, which he authored as a senator: rt @vp: vp biden: "no woman should be victimized purely because someone else had more physical power or more economic power" #vawart @vp: vp today on reauthorizing #vawa: "what are we arguing about? this shouldn’t be hard."granddaughter naomi introduced me at #gen event last night. she said young people have to turn out the vote this year—she's right. –joert @latinosforobama: today is the national launch of @latinosforobama – become a part of it here:  #latinosfired-up crowd at the howard theatre this evening. thanks for coming out, guys. —joefavorite joe photos, vol. : rt @barackobama: potus: “we must keep striving for an america where everyone gets an equal day's pay for an equal day's work.”  ...expecting a great crowd at the #gen event tonight—looking forward to seeing you all there. –joeas the senate nears a vote on the #buffettrule, tweet your senators and ask them to support it: “in america, we’re not supposed to have a system that's rigged.”—vice president biden on the common-sense #buffettruletoday in favorite joe photos: the vp reacts to a joke during a motown tribute concert at the white house this february. the vice president sat down for a chat with @edshow’s ed schultz yesterday: while romney stalls on releasing his tax returns, take a look back at  years of the president and vp’s taxes: photo of the day: vp biden greets a little granite stater during a campaign stop. join vice president biden and special guests for a #gen event in d.c. on april th: karen in nh: “it’s about time the tax code was refurbished so it not only benefits the wealthy but helps everybody." here's the full video of vp biden's speech on the #buffettrule in new hampshire this morning: the vice president made the case for economic fairness and a strong middle class in new hampshire today. rt @obama: "the president and i believe in a fair shot and a fair shake."—vp @joebiden #buffettrulert @obama: vice president biden: "when the middle class grows, the wealthy get wealthier, the poor get less poor, and the economy ge ...rt @obama: “we’re not supposed to have a system with one set of rules for the wealthy and one set of rules for everyone else.”—vice  ...rt @obama: “warren buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary pays…it happens all the time because our tax system allows it.”— ...the vice president's speech will be live-tweeted on @obama.watch vice president biden’s speech live:  #buffettrulethe vice president is speaking about the #buffettrule in exeter, new hampshire at :pm et—tune in here: compare your tax rate to mitt romney's:  #buffettrulert @ofa_nh: #exeter gets ready for @joebiden’s #buffettrule speech here tomorrow: high five. heads up: we'll be livestreaming the vice president's new hampshire speech on the #buffettrule tomorrow. watch this space for details.rt @barackobama: the republican primary is all but over, and this race is on. are you ready? congress is scheduled to vote on the buffett rule next week. why do you support a fairer tax system? joe: "we're not only fighting to keep jobs in this country, we're fighting to bring jobs back to this country." the vp will be speaking in nh on thursday about the #buffettrule. here's what you need to know about it: favorite joe photos, volume : during a recent campaign stop in ohio, vp biden took an unexpected phone call. i’m for the buffett rule because it just makes sense. like the president says—it’s not class warfare. it’s math. -joein nh on /, the vice president will give his take on why millionaires shouldn’t pay a lower tax rate than middle class families do.news for you this morning: vp biden will speak in exeter, nh on / on tax fairness and the president’s support for the #buffettrule.campaign staff will run this account to keep you up to date on what the vp's up to, but you'll see occasional tweets from joe himself, too.we're excited to announce that @joebiden is being rebooted for the  campaign season to give you news of the vice president on the trail.iowans, there's a good chance there's a biden near you today on a cool  f day: tune in : et tomorrow for a live webcast of families usa presidential forum on health care: 