 years of a passionate, independent spirit, &amp; a fierce commitment to democratic values. mary louise hancock will… "sometimes it’s hard to know what to do after a loss. not this time. this tax bill is only going to get worse as pe… sign up before midnight tonight! rt @swingleft: it's #givingtuesday! with your donation of $ or more to swing left, take your pick of one of our brand-new holiday cards—p…rt @indivisibleteam: this is one of the exciting things about today! your donations are matched : for #givingtuesday so every and any kin…rt @votingwhileblk: support colorofchangepac's work to engage black voters in down-ballot races this #givingtuesday 👉🏾 rt @runforsomething: on nov. , @runforsomething candidates added  seats to the progressive bench -- and we're just getting started! toda…rt @emergeamerica: it’s clear that the answer is to elect more women. on #givingtuesday, join our cause to recruit and train more democrati…you go girl! this is important; costs will go up, &amp; powerful companies will get more powerful. we can’t let it slip… "and on top of that, you can’t beat a little book signing wardrobe fun. and being out on the book tour it has been wonderful to hear from so many people about their activism, their courag… wow. i wasn’t sure how letting my guard down would go...but it’s been cathartic &amp; rewarding. i loved writing this b… it’s been almost  months since congress let the program that provides health care for  million children expire. c… rt @billclinton: tonight, @hillaryclinton and i will join our friend @jamescarville for a look back at the ' campaign— years later!—and…"rt @swingleft: the house just passed a massive tax cut for the wealthy, and republicans want to pay for it by taking apart obamacare. let…"it’s true! i want to join your book club to talk about what happened &amp; what’s happening...sign up! @bensplatt @dearevanhansen two friends on a perfect day. sincerely, me.good. being your candidate was the honor of a lifetime. now it's your turn to #runforsomething: looking forward to a great discussion with my friend dorothy and to a great day @uva! tune in:… join me live this morning at :am for an important discussion about child &amp; adolescent mental health, focused on… "proud of you, becca!  it was a thrill to work on this project with @elainewelteroth.  i’m really proud of the result. i hope you enjoy it. thanks to everyone at @gwrodham for a great discussion last week, and for advocating for stronger communities with… thank you to all who have worn our country's uniform, and the families who serve with them. happy veterans day.everyone deserves affordable health insurance. head over to  and shop for a plan that's righ… grateful to you and your determined husband. like i say in my book, i would have worked so hard to help, &amp; had spec… "i’ve thought a lot about the church massacre last sunday. what can anyone say equal to the horror &amp; grief? we sho… "better believe it.and @billclinton has been tirelessly working on this issue through the @clintonfdn:… love this. what a great way to spend november th—or any day, for that matter! as we celebrate, let’s also remember the work ahead. proud that groups that onward together supports—including… so many groups own a piece of last night's victory, from @thedemocrats to @emilyslist to @thedlcc. it's remarkable… and the important work done by @colorofchange’s pac was instrumental in winning the district attorney race in philadelphia.our friends at @indivisibleteam report that their local groups made more than , calls into the commonwealth t… .@emergeamerica-trained candidates won all across the country, including  of the seats democrats won in virginia's house of delegates.they tell me about % of first-time candidates usually win, but % of @runforsomething candidates came out on top yesterday.congratulations to @runforsomething founders @amandalitman + @rossmorock for a huge night!  of the local candidat… last night was a great reminder of what’s possible when we come together and fight for what we believe in. so i wan… yes! and if you live in new york state like i do, there are a lot of important races today, so go out and vote—i did!new jersey: you have the chance to elect @philmurphynj @sheilaolivernj and other great dems today. take it!virginians: my friends @ralphnortham @fairfaxjustin @markherringva need you to show up and vote to get across the finish line.you can confirm where to vote here:  live in va, nj, wa, ny or anywhere with an election today? consider this my personal ask/nudge/plea for you to go to the polls and vote.be resilient. today marks the start of open enrollment for  health coverage. go to  to find your perfect plan. #getcoverednownew york's resilience is stronger than a cowardly act of terror. thinking of the victims, their families, &amp; the responders who saved lives.no one i would rather share initials with than @hrc. oh is that today? children are going to lose their health care. no one should want that. call your member of congress and tell them t… rt @bush: with top musical talent from texas &amp; beyond, deep from the heart: the one america appeal concert promises to be an uplifting, u…gabby and mark are right: “america is facing a serious but totally preventable epidemic of gun violence.” join me i… "this is a disgrace. american citizens need america’s resources. now.rt @nickmerrill: statement from secretary clinton on harvey weinstein: call congress @ () -. tell them we must work together to get this done for the children &amp; families counting on chip. /grateful to the senate finance committee for passing a strong and much needed bipartisan reauthorization bill. now, let's get this done. /the test of any society is how it treats its children. we cannot allow millions of kids to lose access to basic health care. /right now, many states are getting ready to send out notices to parents, letting them know that their kids’ coverage is in jeopardy. /there are so many stories of young people whose lives have been transformed by chip. sara's is one:  /back in the 's, democrats and republicans worked together to pass chip. today, it covers  million kids. /this hasn't gotten enough attn: for the first time, congress missed the deadline to reauthorize the children's health insurance program. /thanks to @parentsmagazine for a great chat about what it was like to work on it takes a village with @marlafrazee. rolling back no-copay birth control shows a blatant disregard for medicine, science, &amp; every woman's right to make… couldn't have put it better! proud to have contributed to this book about how to @runforsomething. "rt @philippereines: as the world sees the worst of us this tribute to anita datar who died as the best of america reminds us who we are.ht…""taking the stage at stanford to talk about threats to western democracy - and what we can do about them. tune in!our grief isn't enough. we can and must put politics aside, stand up to the nra, and work together to try to stop this from happening again."the crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the nra wants to make easier to get."las vegas, we are grieving with you—the victims, those who lost loved ones, the responders, &amp; all affected by this cold-blooded massacre.don’t let anyone make you feel alone. we are with you and puerto rico. you can tell a lot about a society by how we treat the most vulnerable. what does it say when kids' health takes a… @officialjld julia, you're in our thoughts and our hearts. inspired but not surprised to see you using your platfor… great to be back in brooklyn sharing #ittakesavillage with readers of all ages! it's about time. ladies, start your engines! when people ask me what we should do now, my answer is clear: the most important thing you can do is vote in every… president trump, sec. mattis, and dod should send the navy, including the usns comfort, to puerto rico now. these a… this video from my local bookstore @scatteredbooks in chappaqua put a smile on my face! love the soundtrack, too. our friends at @indivisibleteam explain what's happening and what you can do (need to do!) to stop it. rt @jimmykimmel: if you too are disappointed in sen @billcassidy #grahamcassidy let them know it - call () - nothing is more important than saving the affordable care act from another cruel effort to take health care away from millions of people.rt @scarymommy: the perfect book for teaching young kids – or, you know, the president – how to make the world a better place. @realdonaldtrump if you didn't like that book, try this one — some good lessons in here about working together to s… edie windsor showed the world that love can be a powerful force for change. she will be greatly missed. "it's happening! get your copy of #whathappened today:  "you can say that again. enjoy! see you all tomorrow! 🍕🤗💪 today we remember those we lost on september , , and reflect on the sacrifice of the victims and responders. we'll never forget.rt @billclinton: hurricane harvey shattered homes and lives. irma is just as dangerous. americans lift each other up. join us to help. #one…rt @politicomag: reines: immersive debate prep taught me being trump means never having to face the consequences of your actions no time to waste - we've got to fight with everything we've got to #defenddaca. thanks, @jorgeramosnews, for sharin… i'm excited to sign up for @verrit, a media platform for the . million! will you join me and sign up too? rt @bustle: hillary clinton reveals how you can make a difference in the fight against trump cc: @hillaryclinton  ht…rt @billclinton: so many great organizations are helping. our family has donated to three of them: @teamrubicon, @directrelief, and @txdiap…rt @billclinton: our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all of the people affected by hurricane harvey and with those helping them."rt @simonbooks: .@hillaryclinton is hitting the road to talk about her new book "as we keep everyone affected by hurricane harvey in our thoughts, here’s how you can help:correct. rt @simonbooks: “writing ‘what happened’ was hard, so is what we see every day. i hope this helps.” – @hillaryclinton thinking of those who put their lives on the line to defend america. let's keep these missing sailors in our though… barcelona, you have our resolve and support in the face of this cowardly attack. we stand together against terrorism wherever it strikes.this is an important step, thanks to @colorofchange for helping to make it happen. rt @terrymcauliffe: there's no place in virginia for hatred &amp; bigotry. people who've come to va today to hurt others are not patriots, they…we will not step backward. if this is not who we are as americans, let's prove it.now is the time for leaders to be strong in their words &amp; deliberate in their actions.every minute we allow this to persist through tacit encouragement or inaction is a disgrace, &amp; corrosive to our values.but the incitement of hatred that got us here is as real and condemnable as the white supremacists in our streets.my heart is in charlottesville today, and with everyone made to feel unsafe in their country."@ericboehlert right here:"america's workers need #paidleave so we can all provide and receive critical care. #timetocare #fmla"rt @just_jenna: not even bound yet and making me cry. the honor was all ours, @hillaryclinton.  writing “what happened” was hard, so is what we see every day. as we move forward &amp; fight back, i hope this helps.… rt @nowthisnews: exclusive: hillary clinton is releasing a tell-all book about the election called 'what happened' john mccain is as tough as they come.  thinking of john, cindy, their wonderful children, &amp; their whole family tonight."support samantha bee &amp; planned parenthood &amp; buy a nasty woman t-shirt! right here. includes radical provisions like how not to kick  mil ppl off their coverage. feel free to run w/it.… @emilyslist their determination &amp; passion is truly inspiring. and i can't wait to see what this new generation of w… @emilyslist today, @emilyslist announced that ,+ women have reached out since election day about running for o… for more than  years, @emilyslist has paved the way for women to run &amp; succeed in elected office, including me.happy #pride to everyone in nyc &amp; across the globe. never forget that lgbt rights are human rights &amp; human righ… forget death panels. if republicans pass this bill, they're the death party. ".@barackobama is right.this is a critical moment about choosing people over politics.speak out against this bill.rt @adamslily: when you talk about "cuts to medicaid" just remember you're talking about a lot of kids. it is cruel. if you're waiting for the right moment to call your senator about trumpcare, the moment is now. don't wait until it's too late. --best of luck to the member team &amp; the press team tonight at the @cwsoftballgame, which raises money for young women with cancer. #cwsg"let's all keep the brave sailors of the uss fitzgerald in our thoughts &amp; prayers this weekend."still no bill. call the senate switchboard &amp; ask for your senator. tell them this bill will hurt people you know &amp;… " sides take the field tomorrow, but we're all ultimately on one team.my thoughts are with the members of congres… rt @artemis_ff: this is so dang cool we are doing back flips! =d @wonderwomanfilm  @pattyjenks #wonderwoman #womenkickass "americans deserve to know what's in the gop health care plan.hold hearings &amp; be accountable to your constituents.… my heart is with the loved ones of the  people killed at pulse, the city of orlando, &amp; the lgbt community.… saw the wonderful folks from @republicrestore yesterday &amp; came home w/this. thanks to pia &amp; rachel for all your dif… @gabbygiffords what a terrific day, thank you for letting me be a part of it. congratulations gabby! #ussgg "so proud &amp; honored to be in galveston today. wherever you are, you can watch live here:#ussgg… "want to hear some good news? about to talk to soon-to-be graduates at medgar evers college commencement. tune in!after acts of unspeakable cruelty &amp; cowardice, the people of london &amp; the uk choose resolve over fear. your friends… today we remember hadiya, &amp; all victims of gun violence. proud of these young dynamos &amp; all those committed to the… a historic mistake. the world is moving forward together on climate change. paris withdrawal leaves american workers &amp; families behind.people in covfefe houses shouldn't throw covfefe. going on stage now, watch live! a rainy but wonderful morning march in the chappaqua memorial day parade. thinking of our veterans who gave their l… "heartbreaking.no one should have to endure this racist abuse.no one should have to give their life to stop it.starting now! tune in 👇 "back at @wellesley today to talk to the class of  about what comes next. 💪✊️watch:outraged &amp; angry about this cowardly terror attack on a crowd of young people. sending sympathy &amp; strength to victims &amp; people of manchesteri burst out laughing when i saw this video this morning. hope it brightens your day. .@indivisibleteam @swingleft @colorofchange @emergeamerica @runforsomething @govhowarddean this year hasn't been wh… .@indivisibleteam @swingleft @colorofchange @emergeamerica @runforsomething those are just a few of the groups onwa… .@indivisibleteam @swingleft @colorofchange .@emergeamerica is training diverse democratic women candidates, and th… .@indivisibleteam @swingleft .@colorofchange is organizing for criminal justice reform, voter freedom, fairness and… people across america have made their voices heard thanks to @indivisibleteam, and supported @swingleft's efforts to take back the house.more than ever, i believe citizen engagement is vital to our democracy. i'm so inspired by everyone stepping up to organize and lead.we're launching onward together to encourage people to get involved, organize, and even run for office. the last few months, i've been reflecting, spending time with family—and, yes, taking walks in the woods."victory for macron, for france, the eu, &amp; the world. defeat to those interfering w/democracy. (but the media says i can't talk about that)"a shameful failure of policy &amp; morality by gop today. fight back on behalf of the millions of families that will be… "watch &amp; prepare to tear up. thanks @jimmykimmel for sharing your story &amp; reminding us what's at stake w/health care."great to see ppl take to the streets &amp; combat climate change, protect the next generation &amp; fight for jobs &amp; economic justice.#climatemarch"exciting to see the grassroots army that @swingleft is organizing to help expand the map in ! learn more here: "help rangers protect the elephants.go to #earthday #tribeca""a thrill to join team of kathryn bigelow's the protectors at #tribeca. let's protect the earth &amp; all its beauty."happy #earthday, and thanks to math and science for all you've given us! march on! 🎉🔬🔭we set out to do this nationally, but thrilled that new york is getting it done. let's hope it's the first of many.… tune in to hear hrc join governor cuomo at la guardia community college. watch now: looking forward to joining governor cuomo this morning at @laguardiacc as tuition-free college becomes a reality in… let's celebrate new york state getting something important done that we wanted to do nationally. a great step for p… "in houston about to speak to a crowd of committed activists at @annieslisttx. watch live!rt @nickmerrill: tune in to watch @hillaryclinton chat with @nickkristof at #witw: "check out what @leaninorg is doing to celebrate #equalpayday.#percentcountsthese are more than statistics, they’re american lives at risk because this administration willfully ignores the sc… rt @aprildryan: preach @hillaryclinton!!!   @missbeae @maxinewaters @yasharrt @minassianmedia: and while we have your attention from recycled, false claims, here are some facts about how @clintonfdn has improved li…let’s not be distracted. let’s continue to stand up, organize, resist, put forth good ideas to improve the existing system &amp; peoples' lives.ryan, who was born with a disability and with the support of his family and world-class health care has had a lifet… pam, who is raising her grandson because his parents are struggling with opioid addiction - a silent epidemic in so… angelina, a young woman with autism who is already worrying who will take care of her when her parents are gone. keith, who brings his mother with alzheimer's to work with him because he can’t afford care for her during the day. luisa, who suffered from bone cancer and needed care asap - but the hospital wouldn't admit her without proof of insurance.natarsha, whose breast cancer was caught early because of a screening at planned parenthood, which republicans woul… but this fight isn't over yet and we can't forget who it's about. here are some stories...today was a victory for all americans. bill’s speech brought tears to my eyes. wanted to share it. watch if you want to be inspired today. rt @adamparkhomenko: this is a video my son sang and sent to hillary. too soon! some will say. but the next generation carries on by our si…rt @repadamschiff: the intelligence community concluded the russians will interfere again. this is why full investigation is important to c…rt @vitalvoices: throwback to #gla w/ the honorable @hillaryclinton "we are asking for equality and we will never, ever cease" #tbt things i learned today. on #internationalwomensday i'm thinking about this young girl, &amp; all the others like her out there. 💪✨ good message anytime, especially now. #embraceambition rt @nickmerrill: warm welcome in boston this morning. thanks to pres johnson &amp; the entire wellesley community. and congrats to wellesley's first ncaa crew champions, tha… "trump's own @dhsgov confirmed this weekend that the ban doesn't enhance security.but it foments fear &amp; resentment."with threats &amp; hate crimes on rise, we shouldn't have to tell @potus to do his part. he must step up &amp; speak out.congrats to @dnc chair @tomperez &amp; deputy @keithellison. excited for strong, unified party standing for best of our country into the future."let resistance plus persistence equal progress…here was my message to democrats today."if you can't stand the heat, get out of the...congress.jcc threats, cemetery desecration &amp; online attacks are so troubling &amp; they need to be stopped. everyone must speak out, starting w/ @potus.if you're studying global health, or just want to feed your inner wonk, check out my wonderful daughter &amp;… "thanks to isolde fair &amp; her classmates for this inspiring song. i'm with you. 👏👏👏✨watch: philippe's got his own way of saying things, but he has a point about the real consequences of fake news... mar-"""she was warned. she was given an explanation. nevertheless, she persisted.""so must we all.i'm one of  million #superbowl fans that just went #gaga for the lady, &amp; her message to all of us. "at , ruline steininger had an energy &amp; vibrancy all should aspire to. my thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ her family."what i'm thinking about today:khizr khan:and a vet who fought with those now excluded:i stand with the people gathered across the country tonight defending our values &amp; our constitution. this is not who we are..@michaelnutter got a lot of great points into  characters here. we have to keep the momentum. "scrolling through images of the #womensmarch is awe-inspiring. hope it brought joy to others as it did to me.i stand w/ nora harren, a -year  from boise, id, &amp; every person marching for our values today. onward! ✊✊🏾✊🏽✨… "'hope not fear'indeed. and what a beautiful piece by louisa cannell. #womensmarch 👊👊🏻👊🏼👊🏽✨ thanks for standing, speaking &amp; marching for our values @womensmarch. important as ever. i truly believe we're always stronger together.i'm here today to honor our democracy &amp; its enduring values. i will never stop believing in our country &amp; its future. #inaugurationindeed. bill &amp; i have you in our thoughts &amp; look forward to you both being back on your feet soon, wild socks &amp; all… delighted that @nygovcuomo proposed free college for ppl making &lt;k in ny. a plan @sensanders &amp; i worked hard on. the holidays are a time to be thankful for our blessings. let's rejoice in this season &amp; look forward with renewed hope &amp; determination. -hi was greeted by this heartwarming display on the corner of my street today. thank you to all of you who did this.… hoping everyone has a safe &amp; happy thanksgiving today, &amp; quality time with family &amp; friends. -hlooking forward to honoring some brave young people tonight at @childdefender where i started my career. tune in:  -hscripture tells us: let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart. “let us have faith in each other. let us not grow weary. let us not lose heart. for there are more seasons to come and...more work to do.”“we are stronger together and will go forward together. and you should never, ever regret fighting for that.” —hillary“i am grateful to our country for all it has given me. i count my blessings every day that i am an american.” —hillary"to all the little girls watching...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful &amp; deserving of every chance &amp; opportunity in the world.""we have still have not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling. but some day, someone will." —hillary"to all the women...who put their faith in this campaign and in me...nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion." —hillary"this loss hurts. but please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it." —hillary"to bill, chelsea, marc, charlotte, aidan, our brothers, and our entire family—my love for you means more than i can ever express." —hillary"to barack and michelle obama, our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude. we thank you for your graceful, determined leadership.”"i want to thank tim kaine and anne holton for being our partners on this journey." —hillary"our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer america we seek. and i know you will.”"our constitutional democracy demands our participation, not just every four years, but all the time." —hillary“donald trump is going to be our president. we owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.” —hillary"we have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. but i still believe in america—and i always will." —hillary"i want you to remember this: our campaign was never about one person or even one election. it was about the country we love.” —hillary“you represent the best of america, and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life.” —hillary to @hfa"this is not the outcome we wanted. i’m sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country."“i hope that he will be a successful president for all americans.” —hillary on donald trump“last night i congratulated donald trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country.” —hillarywatch hillary deliver remarks on the election from new york city: this team has so much to be proud of. whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything. rt @timkaine: thinking about my daughter right now. no little girl will ever again have to wonder whether she, too, can be president. rt @hillaryfornc: if you haven't voted, nc, @potus needs you to get in line. as long as you're in line when polls close, you can vote. remember, if you are in line before polls close, you can vote! have a question? call ---. "election day is almost over. don’t wait—go vote now! confirm where you vote at  rt @robbymook: strong dem broward + orange counties, fl surpassed total  turnout as of pm. amazing work, @hillaryforfl volunteers! #go…our neighbors in battleground states need your help. make calls to remind hillary supporters to go vote: today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift: it's going to be close, and we need you on this team. confirm where to vote today: if you’ve already voted, jump on the phone and remind voters in key battleground states to go vote:… rt @vp: today is election day in america. it’s time to get out and vote. today, let's show the world that love will always trump hate.  rt @aliciakeys: this morning, i woke up feeling hopeful for the power of our voice, for unity, for our continued progress. #votelove #imwit…"how do we go high? we vote:  already voted? that's great! now help hillary win by signing up to make calls now: rt @jeanneshaheen: we just voted to elect the st woman to be our president. let me tell you, it feels amazing! #nhpolitics rt @elizabethforma: this morning i proudly cast my vote for @hillaryclinton to be the next president of the united states. #imwithher rt @potus: today, progress is on the ballot. go vote - then make sure your friends, your family, and everyone you know votes too.rt @ericasmegs: don't worry, mom, i'll remember to vote today even though ur not here to remind me. love you. this one is for you. happy election day!  today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift:… rt @chelseaclinton: couldn’t be more proud of my mom &amp; the campaign she's run. let’s bring it home for her today. rt @repjohnlewis: the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…rt @jeremyshorr: she once told me girls couldn't be #astronauts or #presidents. showed her #sallyride. hope to show her @hillaryclinton tom…everything we’ve worked toward comes down to today. rt this if you're voting for hillary:  rt @timkaine: i wanted to be first at my polling place, but -year-old minerva turpin beat me to it. looks like i need to get used to bein…let’s go make some history today.  rt @thedemocrats: let us bend the arc of history toward justice once more. rt @johnlegend: donald trump is unfit for the office of president. fortunately, there's an exceptionally qualified candidate @hillaryclinto…it's election day! millions of americans have cast their votes for hillary—join them and confirm where you vote: don't stand still. vote today:  #electionday #mannequinchallenge it’s election day and polls are officially open. when will you vote today? confirm where to go here:… "there's no such thing as a vote that doesn't count. today, you can make the difference.rt this—and go vote!… "in america, we build bridges, not walls.let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate. "if you believe we should never write discrimination into our laws...you’ve got to vote!” —hillary "if you believe in science and that we have to act on climate change, then you have to vote!" —hillary "it’s not just my name or donald trump’s name on the ballot—it’s the kind of country we want.” —hillary “you can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted vision for america.” —hillary  "“i believe that she will win!i believe that she will win!” "i am so excited that i finally get to vote for my mom in a few hours.” —@chelseaclinton rt @rubycramer: final rally of the hillary clinton campaign in raleigh, n.c., and it's officially tuesday, nov. . join hillary for her last rally of the campaign in raleigh, north carolina: stronger together. "if you believe that racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country...you need to vote." rt @robbymook: we've broken early vote records across the country. tomorrow, history is up to you, @hfa volunteers! #gotvforhrc " million latinos are eligible to vote this year.millions have already voted.ready to join them?… “let’s make history!” —hillary “we need your help, knocking on doors and making phone calls, helping to turn people out.” —hillary "i am not going to let anybody rip up the progress that we’ve made.” —hillary "tomorrow, we face the test of our time. what will we vote for?” —hillary  "we don’t want to shrink the vision of this country. we want to keep expanding it.” —hillary"i believe with all my heart that our best days are still ahead of us, if we reach for them together.” —hillary in philly"i am betting that tomorrow, you will reject fear, and you'll choose hope.” —@potus"i’m betting that young people turn out to vote because your future is at stake.” —@potusrt @cnn: president obama: "we now have the chance to elect a th president who will build on our progress" “don’t boo, vote!” —@potus  “you don’t just have to vote against someone, you have somebody extraordinary to vote for.” —@potus "if his closest advisors don’t trust him to tweet, why would any of us trust him with the nuclear codes?” —@potus on trump"tomorrow...the choice you face when you step into that voting booth could not be more clear and could not be more serious.” —@potus"we have a chance to elect a th president who will build on our progress, who will finish the job.” —@potus“hello philadelphia! are you fired up? are you ready to go?” —@potus "tomorrow, with your vote, you can say that this country has always been great, that it is the greatest nation on earth.” —@flotus“tomorrow, with your vote, you can stand up to those who seek to divide us and make us afraid.” —@flotus #imvotingbecause“this election is on us; it is in our hands. if we get out and vote tomorrow, hillary clinton will win.” —@flotus “we have a duty to ensure that this country is handed over to a leader that we all can trust.” —@flotus on hillary“when the going gets tough, hillary is the person we want on our side because she never gives up. she never quits.” —@flotus“tomorrow, we have the chance to elect someone who is singularly qualified to be our president—our friend, hillary… “no matter what came along, no matter what they hit her with … no matter what happened, she said, ‘we’re stronger together.’” —@billclintonyou don’t want to miss this one: join hillary, @potus, @flotus, @billclinton, and @chelseaclinton live in philly. "hillary is the role model michelle and i want for our daughters and for kids across the country." —@potus rt @joshschwerin: philly is out in full force tonight tomorrow, we have the chance to stand up for the america we believe in. rt this if you're voting.… yesterday, khizr khan told the story of a -year-old boy who was bullied at school—until his class watched mr. kha… "women can stop trump.here's how:  "if your closest advisors don’t trust you to tweet, how can we trust you with the nuclear codes?” —@potus on trumprt @cnn: hillary clinton: "this election is basically between division and unity in our country."  "i want to be a president for all americans: democrats, republicans, independents. not just people who support me, but everyone.” —hillary"public colleges and universities should be tuition-free for anyone who makes less than $, a year.” —hillary "if you work hard, and you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be in poverty at the end of the year.” —hillary"every single one of us has something to contribute to this great country.” —hillary "i really believe that america’s best days are still ahead of us if we reach for them together!” —hillary… "are you ready to vote tomorrow, michigan? are you ready to help get your friends to vote?” —hillary… “the choice in this election could not be clearer...this election is basically between division and unity in our co… join hillary in grand rapids, michigan, for one of her last rallies of the campaign: "look how far we've come from having no voice to being on the brink of making history." —@beyonce… latino voters will have a powerful impact on this election—and are already showing record turnout. be part of this:… rt @clionamccarney:  year old elizabeth was out knocking doors in #virwinia for hillary today because this election is "too important to…"america depends on you—you, all of you. ... i didn’t say, 'yes, i can.' i said, 'yes, we can.'" —@potus rt @politico: chelsea clinton on @hillaryclinton: "i am fiercely, ridiculously proud to be her daughter." "i voted for hillary clinton because i am absolutely confident that when she is president, this country will be in… "vote for an america where we build bridges, not walls.together, let’s prove that love trumps hate.… "tomorrow is the election, but that is just the beginning." —hillary  this has to be our mission together—doing everything we can to help all our kids, and every american, live up to their god-given potential.if you believe all our kids should have good schools and good teachers, no matter what zip code they live in, then… if you believe that america thrives when the middle class thrives, then you have to vote.  “i believe america’s best days are still ahead of us.” —hillary "we don’t have to accept a dark and divisive vision for america. tomorrow, you can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, b… tomorrow’s the day! join hillary as she campaigns in pittsburgh on the eve of election day. "today, i'm asking for your vote. tomorrow, let's make history together." —hillary  rt @jesserodriguez: nbc news: as of today, over  million votes have been cast nationwide, with nearly  million in  battleground statesshare this if you know someone who needs to see it.  rt @xochitlhinojosa: in fl, over  million latino voters have cast ballots early --  approximately doubled from .  amazing.our children and grandchildren will look back at the choice we make on tuesday. let's make them proud.… america is better than donald trump.  tomorrow caps an amazing journey, but the work we have to do is just beginning. "women's rights are human rights"—and  more reasons hillary should be our next president. pantsuit up.  this one's for you, hillary. "rt @adamsmith_usa: hillary passed obama in total black voters who participated in early voting in florida. : ,: , (n…""“this election is about you…your dreams,your aspirations,your hopes,your family,your community.” —hillary"what’s really on the ballot is what kind of country we want for our children and grandchildren.” —hillary rt @abcpolitics: khizr khan: "thankfully, mr. trump, this isn't your america"  “this election is a reckoning. it is a choice between division and unity.” —hillary “we should all be grateful that this remarkable family decided to make america their home.” —hillary on the khan family“he and his family exemplify the values that make america great.” —hillary on khizr khan "would my son capt. humayun khan have a place in your america?…would anyone who isn’t like you? —khizr khan to donald trumphillary and @jamestaylor_com are live in new hampshire with two days to go. watch here: rt @tyleroakley: we're in line to vote early &amp; not leaving until we cast our vote!! if you have any questions at your polls call --im-…a rally fit for a king.  rt @hfa: a lot's changed since . florida in the rain. "my son was captain humayun khan ... and he was a muslim american. i want to ask mr. trump: would my son have a pla… rt @hillaryformn: somali-americans are not a burden or a threat—they are our neighbors. we are #strongertogether. "this is what it's about:all the good we can,for all the people we can,for as long as we can.… rt @colinjones: here is lebron introducing hillary: "we have to get out and make sure we vote" rt @ericwms: her last visit to ohio and it's amazing. i believe that she will win! #ohhillyes #ohvotesearly rt @dougmillsnyt: .@hillaryclinton with @kingjames in cleveland ohio. #voting "i want every public college and university to be tuition-free for every family making less than $, a year.” —hillary in cleveland"i want an america where everyone has a place, where everyone is included.” —hillary in ohio "america is great because america is good, and if we…lift each other up, instead of tearing each other down, we can be even greater.""i love our country, and i believe in our people, and i will never, ever quit on you. no matter what.” —hillary in ohio“our next president, ms. hillary clinton!” —@kingjames  "we have to get out and make sure we vote.” —@kingjames in ohio with hillary hillary and @kingjames are live in cleveland with two days to go. watch here: "you want to give me a good send-off? go vote!" —@potus  loved this moment from last night. thanks to @katyperry, @jencarlosmusic, and everyone out on the trail helping to… "we don't want to go back. we want to go forward." —@repjohnlewis  rt @hannahbfine: "the first president i got to vote for was black like me. and now i get to vote for a lady. it's just amazing." -dominique…the photos that tell the story of hillary’s career and what she stands for.  minutes of donald trump demeaning, objectifying, and insulting women.  "we are better than bigotry, fear, and hate.share this if you agree.  rt @hillaryforpa: breaking: @hillaryclinton to campaign in pittsburgh tomorrow, nov.  at the cathedral of learning in oakland. rsvp: rt @hillaryforpa: updated: our #strongertogether rally on monday, nov  will be held at independence hall. doors open at pm. rsvp: rt @creynoldsnc: no one keeps us more informed or entertained from the road than @nickmerrill. we miss him in hq, but this helps:  "she is a fighter for what is right, what is fair, and what is just." —@repjohnlewis:  isn't it time to have a mom in the oval office?  “the reason a lot of [ku klux] klan members like donald trump is because a lot of what he believes, we believe in.” we face a serious choice on tuesday: will we act to protect the planet for our kids and grandkids, or do nothing?… today in , susan b. anthony voted—and was then arrested. almost  years later, the th amendment was ratified… """nobody respects women more than me."" —donald trumpother things he's said about women: more people are voting in this election than ever before. make a plan to vote today:  text join to  and sign up to help us get out the vote. join hillary, @katyperry, and @shondarhimes live in philadelphia for a special gotv concert: thank you to @beyonce, @s_c_, @pharrell, @chancetherapper, @bigsean, @jcolenc, and all the amazing artists helping to get out the vote. -h"for respect.for the future.for our planet.on tuesday, they're gonna hear us roar:  your vote could make all the difference. confirm where you'll cast your vote for hillary:  five women older than their right to vote share why they're with hillary: the story of this campaign. rt @nowthisnews: jay z says donald trump can't be our president because he divides us the energy we're seeing on this campaign isn't about what we're against but what we're for—an inclusive america whe… when they go low...we vote:  rt @abcpolitics: .@hillaryclinton concludes florida rally in the pouring rain  rt @lefsadventures: the line to get in to get canvas packets for hillary in south philly. i cried a little with joy. #teamawesome #proudtob…rt @robbymook: despite rain, thousands here in pembroke pines to vote early. we are soaked but psyched! "donald, you don’t want to go there.” —hillary on trump asking what she’s done for the past  years "we are seeing large numbers of people turning out, breaking records.make sure you’re ready to vote, too: "in just  days, we have the chance to make history:join hillary live in florida as she gets out the vote: "if you believe in a better, stronger, fairer america:vote.  "rt @brianefallon: .@nickmerrill's wit, perceptiveness and knowledge of @hillaryclinton sure do make for a compelling podcast interviewrt @nytimes: the front page of the new york times, nov. ,  rt @cp: make a plan to vote! #imwithher  rt if you agree we need to keep moving forward, not back.  "that reporter and i have the same condition. when mr. trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings." ask yourself: is this man fit to be the next president of the united states? "i'm with her!" —@beyonce rt @cnn: hillary clinton recites jay z lyrics: "rosa parks sat so martin luther could walk ..."  rt @dougmillsnyt: .@hillaryclinton with jay z and beyonce in cleveland at the concert rt @cnn: jay z: "i don't have any ill will toward (trump), but his conversation is divisive ... he cannot be our president" rt @cnn: hillary clinton embraces beyonce and jay z onstage at a rally in cleveland, ohio  rt @cnn: beyonce at clinton rally: "we have to think about the future of our daughters, our sons"  rt @cnn: jay z introduces clinton: "once you divide us, you weaken us. we're stronger together"  """ohio, we are on the doorsteps of history.i'm here tonight because respect matters."" —@s_c_ "we have to vote. the world looks to us as a progressive country that leads change." —@beyonce… "less than  years ago, women did not have the right to vote. look how far we’ve come.” —@beyonce ".@beyonce &amp;@s_c_ &amp;hillary &amp;you? rt @dougmillsnyt: .@hillaryclinton with jay z and beyonce in cleveland before the concert. with just  days until election day, hillary is in ohio with @s_c_, @chancetherapper, @jcolenc, &amp; more. watch live: don't let this man become your next president:  “ million are ready to put up a fight and not be intimidated by hatred and spite.”  for  years, @joebiden has known hillary as a public servant, global leader, and friend. here's why he's with her: rt @hillaryforaz: glad to hear it will be easier to vote in az before tuesday. as in years before, neighbors can take neighbors' ballots to…the progress we’ve made under @potus is on the line. we owe it to our kids to get out and vote:… "we’ve got to take on discrimination &amp; bigotry.we can’t accept as normal what we’re seeing across this country because of trump’s campaign."“if he doesn’t respect all americans now, how can we trust him to serve all americans in the future?” —hillary on trumpthe presidency doesn’t change who you are—it reveals who you are. and we’ve seen all we need to of donald trump.it’s on all of us to pay it forward—to make sure every kid in every zip code can get ahead. “i believe that we should have a confident, optimistic, inclusive vision of where we’re going and how we’re going to get there.” —hillary"join hillary live in detroit just  days from election day: "first lady of arkansasfirst lady of the united statessenatorsecretary of statepresident? that's up to you:… "i sorta get away with things like that." —donald trump, on bursting into miss universe pageant dressing rooms rt @berniesanders: donald trump suffers from a very serious disease called amnesia. he seems to have forgotten  years ago we were losing …"you are the change makers, the path breakers, and the ground shakers. you are proof that black girl magic is real.… rt @hillaryfornc: we're rallying with @potus in fayetteville right now. join us live ahead of the last day of early voting tomorrow: rt @thebriefing: fox news' @bretbaier, who first reported the debunked story about clinton foundation indictments, apologizes and retra…we can’t. "we're on track to having the biggest voter turnout in american history.be a part of it and make a plan to vote: we’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families making less than $, a year. "don’t you think it’s finally time to guarantee equal pay for women?” —hillary in pittsburgh “i will do everything i can to get incomes rising again for hardworking people…you deserve to be part of a growing, thriving middle class.”"trump wants to give the biggest tax breaks in history to the super-wealthy and raise taxes on the middle class.we can't afford that."think about what it would mean to entrust the nuclear codes to someone who lashes out at anyone who challenges him."if you elect me on tuesday, that’s the kind of president i will be: listening, working, finding common ground.” "with just  days left, join hillary and @mcuban as they get out the vote in pittsburgh: rt @algore: the choice in this election is whether we will solve the climate crisis in time or whether the united states will move backward…rt @daveeddiggs: nov. th is fast approaching. please vote!!! "the decision we make in four days will affect our country for decades. rt this if you agre… will ferrell: comedian, actor, just your average millennial. progress is on the ballot:  """stand up and reject cynicism.  stand up and reject fear.  choose hope.choose hope.choose hope.choose hope.ch… make sure trump isn't rewarded for running the most divisive campaign in history:  """i'm also honored to have the greatest temperament that anybody has."" —donald trumpabout that: imagine a president who said all of these things. the central park five were exonerated. what does it say about trump that he thinks they should still be in prison? "more than  million americans have already voted.be a part of this: "this election isn’t just about who trump is—it’s about who we are.are you ready to vote? "get out and vote.get everybody you know to vote.this is one of the most consequential elections in our lifetimes. "we know that america is big-hearted, not small-minded. we want to lift people up, not tear each other down.” —hillary"are we going to build a better, stronger america—or are we going to fear each other, and fear our future?" —hillary"come january , america will have a new president. ... the question is, what kind of change are we going to see?" —hillary“if you elect me next tuesday, that is the kind of president i will be.”  "everything i’ve done started by listening to people…working to bring people together, to find common ground.” —hillary in north carolina"join hillary on the trail in north carolina with @berniesanders and @pharrell. "rt @thebriefing: .@chucktodd: ""what is the status of the fbi investigation into the clinton foundation?""@petewilliamsnbc: ""there real…"rt @hillary_esp: "ustedes hacen a nuestra nación más fuerte, más inteligente y más creativa... estados unidos es un país mejor gracias a us…rt @hillary_esp: "Él no entiende que las familias bilingües y multilingües contribuyen a nuestra diversidad y a nuestra economía"—@timkaine…rt @hillaryforia: ruline steininger has seen a lot of history over the years, and when it comes to hillary versus trump, she has something….@flotus is with her. are you?  """i don’t believe we’re at our best when we stoke fear about each other.” —hillarymake a plan to vote if you agree: we are all safer when everyone has respect for the law, and everyone is respected by the law.across america, people are rejecting trump’s dark vision for one that is hopeful and inclusive and unifying. donald—his father fred—and their entire company were sued by @thejusticedept for discriminating against african americans and latinos."i truly believe that you deserve a candidate you can vote for, not just someone to vote against.” —hillary rt @abcpolitics: clinton says cubs winning world series was special: "who knows maybe will see even more history made in a few days." "with just  days until election day, watch hillary speak live in north carolina: """i was denied an apartment in the trump buildings based on the color of my skin.""this is mae wiggins's story: rt @hfa: what issues matter the most to you? create your page and share with your friends to tell them why they need to vote: rt @repjohnlewis: i’ve marched, protested, been beaten and arrested--all for the right to vote. friends of mine gave their lives. honor the…don’t miss out! join them:  🤔 "trump has built his campaign on demonizing latinos and immigrants.latino voters have the power to stop him. vote:… rt @timkaine: ¡hola! les habla tim kaine. hoy estaré en arizona donde daré mi discurso en español. ¡síganme en @hillary_esp para más detall…rt this if you think kids and families deserve a champion in the white house.  donald trump just got one of his only newspaper endorsements of this election...from the ku klux klan. "the reporter and i have the same condition. when mr. trump made fun of him, that hurt my feelings." "i'm casting my vote early for hillary clinton, and i urge you to vote early for hillary, too." —@flotus they did it!  years later and the drought is finally over. way to make history, @cubs. #flythew -hrt @hillaryforaz: what a night. #votaarizona rt @johndingell: well, now that we all have a free moment... go ahead and sign up to volunteer for @hillaryclinton this weekend: """more than  million people have already voted early."" —hillaryjoin them → "about half of the people he wants to deport—they’ve paid more taxes than donald trump has paid.” —hillary in arizonawe know that america is big-hearted, not small-minded. we want to lift people up, not tear each other down. "even if you’re not for me, i promise, i will be for you as your president.” —hillary in arizona"last week, sheriff joe arpaio was charged with contempt of court for racially profiling latinos.donald trump supports him."rt @dougmillsnyt: .@hillaryclinton at  the arizona democratic party early vote rally at  arizona state university in tempe, arizona. " days until the most important election of our lifetimes. join hillary live in arizona → the perpetrators who set the hopewell m.b. church in ms on fire must be brought to justice. this kind of hate has no place in america. -hrt @hfa: these women were born before women had the right to vote. now they’re voting for hillary. rt @hillaryforaz: a democrat hasn't won arizona since , but you wouldn't know it looking at this @hillaryclinton rally in tempe! 🙌🙌🏻🙌🏼🙌…sign up for the chance to join hillary on election night in nyc—and bring a guest! we'll take care of the details: "i know it seems a little odd for someone running for president to say we need more love and kindness in america." "barack. michelle. joe. you?make a plan to vote: “i will do my best to bring people together, not pull them apart...let’s make sure we win on tuesday and prove that love trumps hate.”"girls would grow up with a president who...brags about doing things to them without their consent." —hillary on donald trump"imagine that it’s january , . ask yourself, what will life be like for you under president trump?→ “i will be a president who seeks to find common ground while standing my ground.” —hillary"everyone is safer when the police respect the people they protect and when the people respect the police who serve them.” —hillaryhillary is in las vegas, just  days from election day. tune in to watch her live: trump "doesn’t look at us as full human beings, with our dreams and our purposes, our own capabilities.” """i've been bullied for being muslim. ... it hurts, you know.""this is the trump effect: """our democracy is on the ballot right now—and hillary gives us a chance to advance our democracy.” —@potusgo vote: """america depends on you. you! all of you.” —@potusmake your plan to go vote:  "she believes we can summon what’s best in each of us and make this country better for all of us.” —@potus on hillary"you have a candidate who is worthy of your vote—who is smart, who is steady, who is tested.” —@potus on hillary "if you disrespect women before you were president, you will disrespect women when you’re in office.” —@potusrt @politico: .@potus: there is only one candidate who has devoted her entire life to lifting up america, and that's hillary clinton. "this guy is temperamentally unfit to be commander-in-chief and he’s not equipped to be president.” —@potus on trump in north carolinawatch live: @potus hits the trail for hillary in north carolina with just  days to go → lawrence ramos is a first generation american, a world war ii and korean war veteran, and a proud hillary supporter. " million strong all ready to vote for freedom, equality, and reason—traits that seem to have gone out of season." our choice is between the most qualified candidate in decades—and a man who once started a twitter war with cher.… thanks, louis c.k.—but it's "madam" tough mother. rt @traceeellisross: it was an honor introducing @hillaryclinton in las vegas. election day is tuesday! are you ready? heartbroken for the families of two brave officers who were killed in iowa. there’s no justification for this kind of violence. -hwe are not going to let big business and big corporations call the shots anymore. that is not working for us.… our children are watching to see what kind of example we set for them. when you're  million strong, no one can tell you that you don't belong.  fighting for kids in foster care has been one of the causes of hillary's career, all the way back to law school. election day is in one week—and once it's over, it can't be redone. is everyone you know voting? rt this.… more people will early vote in  than ever before. join them:  "be like @joebiden:always make a plan.  rt @robbymook: some stats from the field: door knocks last weekend in pa were up % from the same weekend in ; % in oh.on average, latinas make only $. for each $ white men earn. time to close that gap. #latinaequalpay "what’s on the ballot this year:our future.our security.our values.who we are as a country."trump said pregnancy is an inconvenience for employers.he dismisses the pay gap.he said wages are too high.he wants to defund @ppact.""he doesn't see us as full human beings with our own dreams, our own capabilities.” —hillary on what trump thinks of womentrump's "also been accused of doing this at the miss teen usa pageant...some of them were just  years old.” —hillarydonald trump is on tape bragging about barging in on undressed women backstage at beauty pageants to "inspect" them.can we just stop and reflect on the absurdity of donald trump finding fault with miss universe? who would act like this? a bully."most of us learned by elementary school that it’s not ok to insult people’s looks.donald calls women fat, ugly, and disgusting."“today, i want to just spend a few minutes focusing on...what [trump] has said—and what he has done—to women and girls.” —hillary"i’m reaching out to republicans and independents as well as democrats because i want to be president for all americans.” —hillarythere are a lot of reasons to vote against donald trump. maybe, for you, it’s his dangerous statements about using… "let’s work our hearts out so we can finally say 'madam president.’” —@machadooficial  "it’s really clear that he does not respect women. he just judges us on our looks.” —@machadooficial on trump"one week to go.watch hillary talk about what's at stake for women in this election on the trail in florida → rt @tusk: campaigning in florida today with @hillaryclinton: alicia machado. rt @mikereedschmidt: "clinton is eminently qualified to serve as president, and trump is unfit for this office." ~/rds of living american…“[trump] deducted somebody else’s losses." "rt @thebriefing: comey didn't want to blame russia for dnc hacks for fear of seeming political. for fear. of seeming.political. h…"one week to election day. rt this if it describes you.  after his lawyers advised against it, trump used a "legally dubious" strategy to avoid paying taxes for years. anyone who sees and treats women this way is unfit to be president. donald trump's equal pay plan for women: "you're gonna make the same if you do as good a job." share this if you're voting today for national early vote day!  "the thought of donald trump with nuclear weapons scares me to death. it should scare everyone." with just  days left, this can’t wait. rt if you agree trump should immediately disclose all of his ties and conne… computer scientists have apparently uncovered a covert server linking the trump organization to a russian-based ban… it's time for trump to answer serious questions about his ties to russia.  "think about what it takes to lead in a very complicated world and in whose hands you want to put the safety of our children.” —hillary"when it comes to handling a crisis, we’ve seen in this campaign, donald trump loses his cool at the slightest provocation.” —hillarydozens of former nuclear launch officers agree: donald trump should never be in charge of america's nuclear weapons."rt @franklinfoer: i just reported: donald trump has a secret server...it connects to moscow. hillary’s in ohio with just  days left in the campaign. watch live: rt @slate: was a trump server communicating with a russian bank? these cyber experts believe so.  a guide to help you make your choice for president. "rt @thebriefing: ""government insiders are perplexed."" we would go farther.incredible.  rt @cnbc: fbi's comey opposed naming russians, citing election timing: source  (via @eamonjavers)sometimes the fate of the greatest nations comes down to single moments in time. this is one of those moments. "that’s what’s on the ballot this year. it’s not just my name and donald trump’s name. it’s our future. our security. our values." —hillary"with the election just  days away...trump should immediately disclose all of his ties and connections to the kremlin and its associates.""why would putin want trump to win?the nice things he’s said about him?his promise to adopt pro-kremlin policies?or his business dealings?"u.s. intelligence has confirmed the russian government is directing cyberattacks against the u.s. to influence the outcome of our election."ask yourself: in a crisis, who would you trust? who would listen to good advice, keep a level head, and make the right call?” —hillarywhat kind of a person brags on / that, now that the twin towers had fallen, a building he owned was the tallest in lower manhattan?a man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.“[launching a nuclear weapon] can take as little as  minutes.  minutes. that’s why...trump should never be put in charge.” —hillarydonald trump has repeatedly suggested that more countries should have nuclear weapons. japan, south korea, even saudi arabia.instead of dark and divisive, our vision for america is hopeful and inclusive. big-hearted, not small-minded. it’s about lifting people up.with just  days until election day, hillary is speaking in ohio. join her live: trump's already threatened our national security. that'll be the tip of the iceberg if he becomes president. rt @theroot: exclusive: @hillaryclinton writes about plans for a $ billion hbcu investment &amp; tuition free public universities here's what foreign policy experts, diplomats, and world leaders think about hillary's four years as america's secr… as secretary of state, hillary restored our reputation around the world and made us safer. in , monique was three years old and appeared in “daisy,” a political ad about avoiding nuclear war. here’s wha… rt @postopinions: eric holder: james comey is a good man, but he made a serious mistake "the fear of nuclear war that we had as children, i never thought our children would ever have to deal with that ag… we've made extraordinary progress under @potus. on november , that progress is on the ballot. "we don't miss voting in my family." a story from the  presidential campaign that president @billclinton will n… "rt @timkaine: checked attending a world series game off my bucket list.electing the first woman president is next. """most of them deserved it."" —donald trump if you're voting for hillary, don't stop there. we need to support democrats down the ticket. here's why: in  days, we'll choose who succeeds @potus in the oval office. make sure we make the right choice:… a young girl asked: "what are you going to do about all this bullying?"  rt @hillaryforoh: not even a rainy day can take away the excitement of voting for @hillaryclinton as the first female president! #ohvotesea…who are you fighting for? donate in their honor to help hillary win: on november , if you want to say you voted for a better future, make a plan to vote now: "lgbt kids don’t need to be cured of anything. they just need to be accepted and loved and embraced.” —hillary"with donald, it’s always donald trump first and everyone else last.” —hillary"who pretends to help kids with hiv/aids in order to make themselves look good?” —hillary on trump "let’s break every single record. let’s make that the story of this election.” —hillary "when you’re knocked down, what matters is whether you get up again...i’m not stopping now.” —hillarywith just  days until election day, hillary is campaigning in florida. tune in to watch her live: “to those of you celebrating this joyous occasion, i wish you and your loved ones a happy diwali and saal mubarak.”… fbi director comey owes the american people an explanation. five things you need to know: yesterday, fbi director comey bowed to partisan pressure and released a vague and inappropriate letter to congress.… "education is at stake.  the environment is at stake.  lgbt equality are at stake.  equal pay is at stake.… trump has a history of boasting about his donations to charity—and little history of seriously donating to charity. with just  days to go, republicans are pulling out all the stops to try to bring hillary down. rt this to help ge… rt @johnpodesta: you've probably heard about a bewildering letter sent to congressional leaders by the fbi director. get the facts. "i want you hustling all the way until the polls close on november ." —@potus  "justice dept. strongly discouraged comey on move in clinton email case" —@nytimes "rt @thebriefing: james comey said it himself -- ""we don't know the significance"" of these emails. but he sent the letter anyway. "on january , we’re going to have a new president. i will be proud to build on the progress we’ve made under @potus and go even further.""the future of our economy is at stake.lgbt equality is at stake.equal pay for women is at stake.go vote: americans are coming together to reject hate and division. americans are rejecting donald trump’s demeaning treatment of women."let’s break every record that we’ve ever had for voting. let’s make that the story of this election.” —hillary "no matter what they throw at us in these last days, we won’t back down. we won’t be distracted.” —hillary: "with just  days until election day, hillary’s on the trail in florida.watch live: “the director owes it to the american people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining.” rt @hfa: yes she can.  "equality is on the ballot.justice is on the ballot.our progress is on the ballot.  "if you want hope instead of fear, then you will elect hillary clinton as president of the united states.” —@potus "you have a chance to elect a woman, our first female president, who has spent her entire life moving this country forward.” —@potus"we shouldn’t let our kids think that politics is about pitching a new hotel, or a new golf course, or a tv contract." —@potus"fired up. ready to go. join @potus live in florida with just  days left: trump has contributed $ for our military, $ for pell grants to help people afford college, $ for our highways. we’re going to make public colleges tuition-free for families making less than $, a year and debt-free for everyone else.too many families have been ripped apart by gun violence. we need to bring people together to reform our laws. "i want to be a president for everyone in this country—democrats, republicans, independents…i’m going to work just as hard for everybody.""while trump is making an unprecedented attack on democracy, millions of americans are voting.join them: "watch live: hillary campaigns in des moines, ia with  days to go → make a plan to vote: “just kiss. i don’t even wait. i sort of get away with things like that." —donald trump rt @brianefallon: statement from @johnpodesta in response to comey letter to gop chairmen "“join me in voting for a better america.” —hillaryrt so your friends can make a plan to vote today: trump wants to give trillions in tax cuts to millionaires and corporations. it’s trickle-down economics on steroids. our kids deserve good schools with good teachers, no matter what zip code they live in. "trump’s campaign strategy:get women to stay home.get young people to stay home.get people of color to stay home."make no mistake: women’s health and rights—our futures, the futures of our daughters and granddaughters—are on the ballot.” —hillary"""this is a man who relishes making women feel terrible about themselves, in every possible way.” —hillary on trumpwe're better than that."don’t let anyone tell you they’re too busy to vote. if ruline can do it, so can they.  "“more than . million people have already voted in this election.” —hillaryjoin them: " days to go and hillary’s on the trail in iowa. tune in now: and make a plan to vote: newspapers and magazines across the country are breaking with tradition to endorse hillary. .@elizabethforma is making calls for hillary. join her:  rt @hillaryforaz: breaking: @hillaryclinton will return to arizona on wednesday! rsvp here:  "“i need you to knock on doors.i need you to make phone calls.you gotta talk to your friends, including your repub… rt @moveon: must watch: @aliciakeys passionately makes the case for @hillaryclinton &amp; explains why she's chosen to #votelove in this new #m…thankful for @tammyforil's—and her family's—service to this country. it's really not that hard to grasp, @markkirk. "kids and families have been the passion of my life—and they'll be the heart of my presidency." """first ladies, we rock."" —@flotusget all the highlights from michelle and hillary's first-ever joint rally: 🙌 we can fight for the country we want and make history at the same time. are you ready to vote?… glad to hear @mike_pence, his staff, secret service, and the crew are all safe. -h"i don't want bullies in my life, and i especially don't want one in the white house." —bryce, a student living wit… in which @realdonaldtrump basically proves our point. “we have never had a more qualified and prepared candidate for president than our friend hillary.” —@flotus… "“if hillary doesn’t win this election, that will be on us.” —@flotusdon't let that happen:  “folks marched &amp; protested for our right to vote. they endured beatings and jail time. they sacrificed their lives for this right.” —@flotus"casting our vote is the ultimate way we go high when they go low.” —@flotus "“get out and vote. get out and vote for hillary. vote early. vote right now!” —@flotus“hillary has done her job. now we need to do our job and get her elected president of the united states.” —@flotus "thankfully, hillary is a policy wonk. and let me tell you, when you are president, that is a good thing.” —@flotus hillary "is absolutely ready to be commander-in-chief…and yes, she happens to be a woman." —@flotus "we want a president who takes this job seriously and has the temperament and maturity to do it well." —@flotus"we want a president who understands that this nation was built by people who came here from all corners of the world." —@flotus"we want someone who is a unifying force in this country, who sees our differences not as a threat, but as as blessing." —@flotus“as we look into the eyes of our children...the stakes in this election could not be more clear.” —@flotus"we have never before had a more qualified or prepared candidate for president than hillary clinton.” —@flotusrt @asmamk: i've covered a lot of political rallies - i haven seen many where the crowd was this excited. "i’ve been fighting for kids at every step of my career, and i will fight for them every single day of my presidency." —hillarywe’ve got to make sure all our kids know that america has a place for you.we can never forget how trump disrespects our military families, like the khans. “seriously, is there anyone more inspiring than michelle obama?” —hillary.@flotus is “someone who reminds us to work hard, stay true to our values, and never stop fighting for what we believe in." —hillary"dignity and respect for women and girls is also on the ballot this election.” —hillary if you believe everyone deserves to be treated equally, no matter who they are or who they love—you’ve got to vote. if you believe that america should stand with those who serve, because they’ve served us, you’ve got to vote. if you care about the right to vote and want to make sure it’s protected and strengthened, you’ve got to vote. you don't want to miss this. join hillary and @flotus on the trail together for the first time in nc → "would my son have a place in your america?" —khizr khan, father of a fallen american hero, to donald trump rt @mcfaul: trump insults every single person working in the intelligence community by claiming that they are in the pr business.  incredib…don't boo, vote early! find out when you can vote in your state at  glad secretary carter did the right thing. our men and women in uniform deserve our support and deepest gratitude,… "hillary clinton is a distinctly capable candidate: experienced, serious, schooled, resilient." —the @newyorker… "rt @just_jenna:  ppl pledged an av. of ¢ to @hfa for every @realdonaldtrump tweet.  tweets last week = $,..join: trump said he’s "very proud” to lead the birther movement to discredit @potus. here’s how he spread the racist lie: we're almost to the finish line, and you can help hillary get there. early vote today:  rt @robbymook: it's going to be close. no complacency. nose to the grindstone. let's get to work! this is heartbreaking. no child in america should feel afraid to practice their religion or embrace their heritage. sign hillary's birthday card to wish her a great (and historic) year to come: "hillary clinton is a fighter for all of us. she's the fighter we need." it's hillary's birthday! don't forget to sign her card:  when bronx found out he shares a birthday with hillary (october —today!), he was determined to write her a letter… join @s_c_ in cleveland for a concert to help get out the vote for hillary! text jayz to  for all the details. that was quite a birthday surprise, @adele. loved the show last night! -h """it’s not just what we’re against that should motivate you to go to the polls.it’s what we are for.” —hillary a multimillionaire should never pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse or a policeman or a firefighter.we’re going to make america the clean energy superpower of the st century. "more than ,, americans have already voted in this election.you can make it ,,: we’ve learned in this campaign that donald trump is the poster boy for what’s wrong with our economy. "live from tampa: hillary campaigns with just  days left in this campaign → ":hillary takes on discrimination against kids with disabilities.trump gets sued for housing discrimination.… wish hillary a happy birthday by making a plan to vote:  rt @timkaine: happy birthday, hillary. i hope this year is one for the history books. let’s come together to give every american the chance to chart their own future. let’s prove once-and-for-all that love trumps hate."when you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be living in poverty, worrying about whether you can put food on the table.” —hillary"the future of the economy is on the ballot. i believe that when the middle class thrives, america thrives.” —hillary"more than  million people have already voted in this election—and two million of them are right here in florida.” in america, we don’t say we’re going to “keep you in suspense” about whether we’ll respect the outcome of an election."watch live: hillary campaigns in florida with just  days left until election day → rt @chelseaclinton: happy birthday mom! i hope that one day charlotte &amp; aidan are as proud to be my children as i am to be your daughter ht…america is already great because it welcomes people like damián lópez rodriguez—an immigrant who gave his life for… rt @nickmerrill: surprise! happy birthday hrc!! 🎂 happy birthday to this future president. today is hillary's birthday! find out what she was doing the year you were born: in the s, trump's real estate company marked rental applications for african americans with a "c" for "colored." % more florida latinos have already voted early than at this point in . join them:  if a candidate begins his career running a company that discriminates against people of color, what kind of preside… proud to have the endorsement of general powell, a decorated soldier and distinguished statesman.  -h"i feel very, very angry. so much so that it still evokes anger and hurt." —mae wiggins, on experiencing discrimina… words of advice from the  @wellesley college commencement speaker: hillary rodham.  rt @timkaine: passionate about getting hillary into the white house? there’s always something you can do to help out: rt @samifayebaker: grassroots activism ftw! #nationalpantsuitday was the life-affirming, shoulder-padded love-fest we needed! now vote! htt…text join to  and get involved because the bigger the turnout, the bigger the statement we’ll make about the kind of country we are.we’ve got to raise the minimum wage. no one who works full-time should still be in poverty. we can create millions of jobs and protect our environment at the same time. donald trump is unqualified to be commander-in-chief. a president doesn’t call our military a “total disaster.” nobody should wake up on november  and wonder whether there is more you could have done. as trump makes an unprecedented attack on our democracy, millions of people are registering and voting early. we believe that no matter what you look like or where your parents were born or who you love, you have the right to be treated equally."i’ve tried to run a campaign based on issues. he’s run a campaign based on insults.” —hillary on trump "with just  days until election day, join hillary live for a rally in florida → rt @mayaharris_: hillary is committed to #endleadpoisoningnow with a bold goal to eliminate lead as a public health threat. #lppw "americans’ wages just hit an all-time high.we need to build on this progress—not turn back: tomorrow is hillary's birthday! make sure your name is on her card: rt @hfa: that presidential look. fact: donald trump's company systematically denied housing to people of color dating back to the s and s. "when a black tenant applied for an apartment in one of trump's buildings, she was told it wasn't available.a whit… rt @hillaryforva: jimmy ochan found refuge in the u.s., and joined the marines to give back. when he was injured, he got the care he needed…“in these final weeks of the election season, find someone to tell about clinton’s lifetime of service.”—@wigazette "my name is mae wiggins. i was denied an apartment in the trump buildings based on the color of my skin." rt @smrtgrls: "her life proves that she has always believed that public service is st &amp; foremost about service." -@chelseaclinton """get this, donald:nasty women are tough.nasty women are smart.and nasty women vote.""—@elizabethforma… a man who disrespects our service members cannot be our commander-in-chief. "it’s important to give you something to vote for, not just against." —hillary  no one who wants to be commander-in-chief should be calling active military operations a "disaster.” rt @hillaryforfl: as early voting begins in many counties in florida, see how many floridians have already voted. #earlyvoteher in honor of trump's relentless pursuit of any conspiracy theory, presenting a stylish update to his famous hats:… your friends, your family, stars on broadway—everyone's voting this year. don't throw away your shot:… "trump loves conspiracy theories almost as much as his hat. but why choose?make your own tin foil #maga hat:… “clinton has the temperament, knowledge and experience to be president.” —@phillytrib when trump trivializes the sacrifice of our military and veterans, he makes it clear: he has no idea what service t… good question.  a promise to "make america great again" might mean more from someone who actually made his products in america. if donald trump condones discrimination against his own employees, how would he lead our country? "he lost $ billion running a casino. who does that?” —hillary on trump: no matter where you go to college, we’ll make it easier for you to pay back and pay down your student debt. "last night, trump called a military effort to push terrorists out of mosul a “total disaster.”that’s dangerous. rt @dougmillsnyt: .@senwarren with @hillaryclinton during a campaign rally at saint anselm college in manchester, nh the energy we’re seeing out there isn’t just about what we’re against—it’s about what we’re for: a future in which everyone counts.while donald trump is assaulting our democracy, millions of people are standing up for it—registering, voting early, and volunteering."donald trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election.that’s a direct threat to our democracy.""racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country.” —@elizabethforma in new hampshire"get this donald: nasty women are smart, nasty women are tough, and nasty women vote.” —@elizabethforma: "donald trump aggressively disrespects more than half the people in this country.” —@elizabethforma "the game is 'rigged'—it’s rigged for guys like donald trump. i say, it’s time to fight back!” —@elizabethforma "hillary clinton fights for us. it is now time for us to fight for hillary.” —@elizabethforma "it is great to be in the state that’s going to send hillary clinton to the white house!” —@elizabethforma in new hampshirewith  days to go, hillary and @elizabethforma hit the trail in new hampshire. tune in:  “we’re going to work our hearts out to make hillary clinton the next president of the united states.” —… "no family should spend more than % of its income on child care.here's how we can achieve that goal: "no matter what issue you care about, it is on the ballot." —hillary last night in pennsylvania…  days.  congrats cathy, and happy homecoming howard! "the president takes an oath to ""preserve, protect, and defend the constitution."" does trump know what's in it? "i will defend women's rights to make their own health care decisions." —hillary "my vision for america is an america where everyone has a place. this is the america that i know and love." —hillary a (non-exhaustive) list of all the terrible things donald trump has said about women: the @newyorker endorses hillary:  donald trump says he'd deport  million people. how do you even begin to quantify that? did you know hillary's college plan makes it easier for student-parents to afford school? get the details: newspapers across the country are almost exclusively endorsing hillary over trump. don’t let anybody tell you america’s best days are behind us. “two words give us hope: madam president." —@voguemagazine  just  days left. join hillary and @timkaine on the trail in philadelphia: hillary's been called a lot of things over the years. "quitter" isn't one of them.  talk to your loved ones about this election—there's too much at stake to sit out.  "when your children and grandchildren ask what you did in ...i hope you’ll say you voted for a better america.” —hillary"we’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families making less than $, a year.” "whether you agree or disagree with me, whether you vote for me or not, i believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —hillary“we’re going to grow the middle class from the middle out and the bottom up, not the top down.” —hillary "i really want to be president for all of the kids in america, to do everything i can to help you.” —hillary in pittsburgh"we’re going to come together in the next  days and convince everybody you can to get out and vote.” —hillary “if you can be president of the united states, you can do anything.” —@timkaine’s message to girls in americahillary and @timkaine are campaigning together in pittsburgh. tune in now to join them live: donald trump has a unique view of the bill of rights. here’s what it might look like under his presidency: rt @creynoldsnc: hfa response to trump's closing argument today in gettysburg. "hillary clinton is not just the only safe choice in this election — she’s also the right choice." —@bostonglobe "hillary clinton is far better than trump or anyone else running. she should be president." —@phillydotcom "my son was captain humayun khan. he was  years old. and he was a muslim american." "we really are just trying to make our mark in life by helping people." "this is a woman i have never met...but who has stood with my family and me over and over again." just  days left in this campaign. if you're proud to stand with hillary, chip in now and get your free sticker: enter now for your once-in-a-lifetime chance to fly for free with hillary on the official campaign plane: "it’s time to get out the vote."   #juntossepuede rt @ellisoncampaign: our diversity is not a weakness. it is our strength. @hillaryclinton understands that. #strongertogether. "what i want to say to hillary is, 'thank you. you made a difference in my child's life.'" “it’s becoming clear that, to him, most of america is ‘them.’” —@flotus on donald trump rt @barb_kinney: hear about my career and why @hillaryclinton means so much to me on @theriveterspod rt @hillary_esp: juntos se puede.   "let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate!” —hillary  “the only way we can have that positive, optimistic, unifying future is if all of you help us get there.” —hillary “we’ve got to make sure that women and girls are treated with the dignity and respect in our country that we deserve.” —hillary"education should lift you up, not hold you back. we’re going to help you pay back and pay down your loans." "trump suits were made in mexico—he could have made them in brooklyn, ohio.trump furniture is made in turkey instead of cleveland."“he has put chinese steelworkers to work, not american steelworkers, and we’re going to change that.” —hillary on trump“when the middle class thrives, america thrives.” —hillary in cleveland "i want to be every single american’s president…i believe we can disagree without being disagreeable.” —hillary #strongertogether“there’s something really exciting happening right now—people are coming together…to reject hate and division.” —hillary"“more than  million people have already voted, including many of you right here in ohio.” —hillaryjoin them: "more than  million voters are registered to vote in this election. that’s more than ever before.join them: “we know the difference between leadership and dictatorship, and the peaceful transition of power is one of the things that sets us apart.”donald trump refused to say that he’d respect the results of this election. by doing that, he’s threatening our democracy.hillary's live in cleveland talking about what we need to do to move our country forward. watch here: "captain humayun khan died serving his country—and saving his entire unit.trump seems to think someone like him do… """i took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here.""catch up on hillary's best lines at the #alsmithdinner: where was this kind of comedy last night? trump called latinos "bad hombres" on wednesday. it's not even the most insulting thing he said about the community. rt @phillyinquirer: editorial | @hillaryclinton is easily the best candidate for president  khizr khan, father of a fallen muslim american hero: "i want to ask mr. trump: would my son have a place in your am… the next president should sweat the details on policy—because it's not just a detail when it's your child. want to know if donald trump is lying? just google it. watch hillary's full remarks at the #alsmithdinner. "i believe that for each of us, our greatest monument on this earth won’t be what we build, but the lives we touch." —hillary #alsmithdinner“we need to get better at finding ways to disagree on matters of policy, while agreeing on questions of decency.” #alsmithdinner"i said no to some jokes that i thought were over the line, but i suppose you can judge for yourself on wikileaks in the next few days.""i’ve had to listen to donald trump for  full debates…i have now stood next to donald trump longer than any of his campaign managers.""it is great, also, to see mayor bloomberg here. it’s a shame he’s not speaking tonight. i’m curious to hear what a billionaire has to say.""this dinner brings together a collection of sensible, committed, mainstream republicans, or, as we now call them: hillary supporters.""donald, i did enjoy listening to your speech…i’m sure i’ll enjoy listening to mike pence deny you ever gave it." —hillary #alsmithdinner"it’s amazing that i’m up here after donald. i didn’t think he’d be ok with a peaceful transition of power." —hillary at the #alsmithdinner"this is such a special event that i took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here." —hillary #alsmithdinnerwatch hillary speak live at the #alsmithdinner in new york city: "rt @thedemocrats: “don't just tweet about my speech last week – if you liked that speech, then go vote.” –michelle obama here’s how: between the three presidential debates, trump told roughly one lie for every  seconds he spoke. “hope is what drives hillary...it is why she has spent her life fighting for kids who need a champion.” —@flotus "in difficult times, we don't give up, we don't discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them." —@flotus"""we cannot let anyone take away our hope.we cannot let anyone silence our voices.because we know that every vote matters.""—@flotus""you do not try to keep american democracy in 'suspense.’ too many people have fought and marched and died for this democracy.” —@flotus"when you hear folks...saying this election is 'rigged,' understand that they are trying to get you to stay home." —@flotus"""hillary has comprehensive policies to help people. her opponent has tweets.you decide.” —@flotus""""when you're president...knowing what you're doing is a good thing.and hillary clinton absolutely knows what she's doing."" —@flotus""if you're a young person worried about affording college, [hillary] has a plan to make your education tuition-free." —@flotus"hillary knows that our country is powerful and vibrant and strong—big enough to have a place for all of us." —@flotus"he demeans and humiliates women as if we're objects...rather than human beings worthy of love and respect." —@flotus on trump"he thinks we should be afraid of our muslim brothers and sisters—because he has no idea who they really are." —@flotus on trump"our hope is grounded in hard work and hard-earned faith...that we are all precious and worthy, no matter where we come from." —@flotus"in this race, we have a candidate whose vision for our country is completely and utterly lacking in hope." —@flotus on trump"decent men do not demean women, and we shouldn't tolerate this behavior from any man, let alone a man who wants to be president." —@flotuswith just  days left in this campaign, @flotus hits the trail for hillary in arizona. watch live → "you wanna give me a good send off? go knock on some doors.” —@potus: """progress is on the ballot.civility is on the ballot.tolerance is on the ballot.”—@potusgo vote: "donald trump doesn’t have anything to offer but anger, and grievance, and blame.” —@potus"don’t fall for the easy cynicism that your vote doesn’t matter…that’s what hillary's opponent wants you to think.” —@potus"when you try to sow the seeds of doubt in people's minds about the legitimacy of our elections—then that undermines our democracy." —@potus"go to  because...there’s only one way we lose this election, just one: if we don’t turn out to vote.” —@potus"you're ok with your nominee having a bromance with putin?" —@potus to the gop“a dangerous con artist who has spent a career sticking it to working people.” —@potus quoting marco rubio on trump"she's got the temperament, the knowledge, the steady hand to be the next commander-in-chief.” —@potus on hillary"don't boo, vote! booing doesn't do any good. vote, and get your friends to vote.” —@potus "she gets the job done, and she never, ever, ever quits. and that's why i know she can be a great president.” —@potus on hillary"even in the middle of crisis, she is calm and cool and collected.” —@potus on hillary"all that progress is at stake if we don't do the right thing over these last  days." —@potus watch live: @potus hits the campaign trail for hillary in miami. "we counted: over the last three presidential debates, donald trump told  lies. hillary still won all three. this #spiritday, let's take a stand for lgbt youth and send a clear message to all our kids: in the end, bullies al… at last night's debate, trump showed again and again that he doesn't have a clue about what makes america great. rt @hillaryforva: breaking: voter registration in #virwinia extended through friday at : p.m. register in minutes at "hillary...crushed donald trump in the most effective series of debate performances in modern political history." "rt @hillaryfornc: today is the day! make history and vote early for hillary in nc. findyour closest polling location: rt @nickmarroletti: this is what it feels like to make #herstory. thank you for early voting for @hillaryclinton, @alli_wilber. #ncvotesear…show trump his tweets come at a cost—because hillary supporters are pledging to donate every time he tweets:… our democracy is built on fair elections and peaceful transfer of power. trump can't threaten that just because he… while hillary was monitoring the raid on osama bin laden, trump was hosting "the apprentice" (which didn't win an e… trump wouldn't say if he'll accept the outcome of the election. that’s horrifying—but part of a pattern. rt @potus: outstanding  for  debate sweep for @hillaryclinton! nobody has ever been more prepared to be @potus.donald trump wants to compare his last  years with hillary's. let's do that. it's appalling that a presidential nominee of a major party is undermining the pillar of our democracy—just because… "i'm happy to compare my  years of experience with your  years." —hillary to trump #debatenight that feeling when you win three straight debates. #debatenight rt @voxdotcom: hillary clinton’s three debate performances left the trump campaign in ruins /. #shewon if you think #shewon, chip in $ before the midnight fec deadline:  #debatenightrt @emilyslist: when trump went low, @hillaryclinton went high. we're prouder than ever to be with her. #shewon rt @brespolitico: clinton easily won this debate. she won all  debates. i'm not sure trump ever understood the nature/goal of these debate…rt @jasoncherkis: this will get lost in the trump news but hillary clinton's debate performance was close to flawless.rt @motherjones: hillary clinton eviscerated trump on abortion during the debate rt @hfa: show donald that love will always come out on top, including on election day. create your own #lovetrumpshate video: rt @toure: hillary wins another debate. she was strong and smart. trump said nothing that hurt her and never sounded like he actually knows…" days left. let's win this.make your custom video to show the world why you believe that #lovetrumpshate: rt @elizabethforma: .@hillaryclinton proved tonight: she has brains, guts, thick skin, steady hands, &amp; most of all: basic decency. #imwithh…rt @sean_p_thomas: that's a wrap.  debates.  wins. a hat trick for @hillaryclinton 🎩. donald outclassed, outmaneuvered, undone. #debatert @corybooker: a strong performance by clinton. she is the clear winner tonight.  days until a hrc election victory and a victory for ou…we are about to elect a president—and only one candidate tonight showed she has what it takes. chip in now:  #shewonrt if you’re proud of hillary tonight. #debatenight #shewon """nobody respects women more than me."" —donald trump earlier tonight""such a nasty woman."" —donald trump just now #debatenight"rt @thebriefing: trump's tax plan would add significantly to the national debt...$. trillion to be exact. #debatenight no, you didn't.  #debatenight what he said. #debatenight "google it." —hillary  #debatenightrt @timkaine: donald won't commit to support our election outcome, won’t condemn putin, and won't defend american democracy. yet he wants t…if donald is going to whine before the game is even over, he doesn’t have what it takes to do this job. #debatenightevery time things aren’t going his way, donald trump says it’s “rigged.” #debatenight "trump on losing the emmy tonight: ""i should've won."" #debatenighttrump on losing the emmy in , , and : “it’s not just about women—[trump] never apologizes or says he’s sorry for anything.” —hillary #debatenight here's how trump reacts when he loses an emmy, the iowa caucus, a primary, and polls. so yeah, he seems fit for the… we have undocumented immigrants in america who are paying more federal income tax than a so-called billionaire. #debatenightrt @thebriefing: while republicans attack the clinton foundation, the clinton foundation is attacking hiv/aids and malaria. #debatenigh…donald thinks belittling women makes him a bigger man. it just makes him a bully. #debatenightin , hillary co-sponsored a bill to raise the minimum wage. trump...did this.  in , hillary declared that "women's rights are human rights." trump lost nearly a billion dollars.… in , hillary advised @potus on the mission to take out bin laden. trump was on the apprentice.… rt @voxdotcom: it would be impossible for donald trump to stick by his tax plan and lower debt.  #debate rt @berniesanders: donald trump’s vision for america: tax breaks for billionaires and large corporations, poverty wages for working familie…rt @thebriefing: donald trump's tax plan would be a yuuuuuuge give away to billionaires--and millionaires like him. #debatenight .@theeconomist ranked donald trump and his economic policies as tied for th among the greatest risks to the world… rt @thebriefing: here's how easy it would be for donald trump to launch a nuclear weapon on a whim. #debatenight terrifying. #debatenight it's been four minutes. donald trump could have launched a nuclear weapon by now. #debatenight "rt @thebriefing: these men were responsible for launching nuclear missiles.they don't want trump to have that power. #debatenighthtt…"when the president gives the order to launch a nuclear weapon, that’s it. the officer has to launch. it can take as little as four minutes."vladimir putin...isn't my best friend." —donald trump #debatenight rt @thebriefing: there's no question russia's trying to put their thumb on the scales for trump. there is a question of why trump is de…it's pretty clear that vladimir putin would rather have a puppet in the white house than a president. #debatenighttrump's major policy proposal is to "build a wall" and have mexico pay for it. he choked. enough said. #debatenight rt @thebriefing: donald trump went to mexico, got beat in the room, lied about it, and then pretended it never happened. #debatenight h…we are not going to build a wall and deport  million people. that's not happening. #debatenight"hombres"? #debatenightrt @thebriefing: trump attacked immigrants, calling them criminals and rapists—and that was just in his announcement speech. #debate ht…trump doesn't know what he's talking about when it comes to women's health. he shouldn't be making the decisions. #debatenightrt @ppact: .@realdonaldtrump pledged to appoint judges who'd overturn roe v. wade. he released a list to prove it: "this was not actually a hard question.""i strongly support roe v. wade."" —hillary #debatenight"rt @thebriefing: unlike % of americans, trump does not support expanding background checks for gun sales. #debate "i see no conflict in saving people’s lives and defending the nd amendment." #debatenight the supreme court needs to stand on the side of the american people, not on the side of the powerful and wealthy. this election is over in  days—but the decision we make will affect our country for generations.  #debatenight #debatenight got her back? #debatenight can you say you stepped up when it counted most? chip in before tonight's #debate to show you're on hillary's team: follow @thebriefing during tonight's debate so you can help hold trump accountable to the facts. rt to spread the word. #debatenightwhen it comes to policy plans, there's no comparing hillary and trump. #debatenight maybe there's a reason donald trump refuses to release a real plan to combat isis. #debate trump says disqualifying things almost every day—but his policy "plans" matter too. we put them next to hillary's: rt @thebriefing: trump is so divisive and offensive, you almost forget his policies are terrible too. in , ryan moore made an impression on first lady hillary clinton—and she him: "she has helped make me into the… when there are no ceilings, the sky's the limit.  do your part to hold donald trump to the truth. follow @thebriefing during tonight's debate for live fact-checking. #debatesif this man's resume landed on your desk, would you hire him for anything? spoiler alert: he was actually wrong. #debate a #debate preview that says it all. "donald trump is good at one thing—driving his companies into the ground.and now he wants the keys to the u.s. eco… tonight is the final presidential debate. rt this if you're with hillary. #debate rt @thedemocrats: we are democrats. let’s make some more history:  a man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. on november , what kind of world do you want to wake up in? even if trump's bullying, bigotry, and misogyny weren't disqualifying, his policies would be. check out our new tool: every time @realdonaldtrump tweets something offensive, automatically donate. "trump reportedly asked this about nuclear weapons: ""if we have them, why can't we use them?""we can't let him beco… grateful to everyone who performed and turned out at #broadwayforhillary. a great reminder about how important it i… ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending hillary back in : "she looks at me the way i always w… the fate of the supreme court hinges on the choice we make in  days. here's what's at stake: automatically donate every time trump tweets something offensive with our new tool:  rt @joebiden: be one of the millions of americans who vote before election day. head to  for more information. "in the quiet moments backstage or at the end of a long day, i find myself thinking about my mother."… "carter.bush.clinton.bush.obama.not one of them believes donald trump has what it takes to be president. rt @brynnecraig: loved chatting with @buffywicks for the @theriveterspod about what's at stake in this election! #imwithher “two words give us hope: madam president." —@voguemagazine in its first presidential endorsement ryan talks about living with a disability—and befriending hillary back in : "she looks at me the way i always w… rt @voguemagazine: vogue endorses @hillaryclinton for president of the united states:  rt @chelseaclinton: what a wonderful tribute to mrs. obama &amp; the incredible role model she’s been to countless people, including me rt @berniesanders: progressive economists agree: @hillaryclinton's economic agenda will reduce inequality, raise wages and create jobs. htt…our metric for success should be how many kids can go as far as their dreams and hard work will take them. rt @harpersbazaarus: .@hillaryclinton kicks off bazaar's #womenwhodare issue with a powerful and inspiring essay about her mother: two maps that show why no one can afford to stay home on election day. "our progress is on the ballot.tolerance is on the ballot.democracy is on the ballot.make a plan to vote:… when hillary learned that the families of the fallen were only promised $, in benefits, she took action. "she’s a tested, unshakable leader." —@lasvegassun endorsing hillary: election day is almost here. make a plan to join your friends and millions across the country to vote on november … rt @cmichaelhuntley: beyonce ended a performance with an urgent plea to young people everywhere about this november.  don't forget, florida: your voter registration deadline is tomorrow, / at pm et. make sure you're registered a… "rt @mariska: thank you @ellemagazine for letting me share why #imwithher #strongertogether we have an important job for lawyers and law students—but not actors. sorry, @mrjoshcharles. text lawyers to … barack obama’s greatest strength? “probably that i’m always early.”  we can't let donald trump bully his way to the presidency. rt @houstonchron: we found it civically vital to reprint our recommendation for @hillaryclinton in  languages widely spoken here only  left! hurry and save $ on the art of politics tote here:  there are a lot of bullies in this world. the last thing we need is one in the white house. photos that help remind us that this election is about building a country we can all be proud of—together. rt @raquelwillis_: if you need motivation to vote, here's beyoncé giving an impromptu word about #election. we make our country greater when we widen the circle of opportunity and invite more people in:… when trump and pence attack planned parenthood, they're attacking millions of americans. rt @hfa: hillary knows it and @ppfa knows it. that's why we're proud to stand with them. #yearsstrong the attack on the orange county hq @ncgop office is horrific and unacceptable. very grateful that everyone is safe.where does trump get his talking points from? often this alt-right conspiracy theorist, alex jones. (watch all the… rt @potus: for a century, planned parenthood has made it possible for women to determine their own lives. here's to another #yearsstrong.from birth control to cancer screenings, planned parenthood has provided care for millions. that's worth celebratin… rt @cecilerichards: thank you @hillaryclinton &amp; everyone fighting for autonomy &amp; health for all.  years, and we're just getting started.…it is our obligation as americans to dig deep in doing whatever we can to build the kind of future we want for ours… when we all show up on november , we'll secure @potus's legacy and build on our progress:  rt @hillary_esp: celebramos la trayectoria de sonia sotomayor, una pionera que ha abierto el camino para muchos otros. #hispanicheritagemon…colin knows hillary—not as first lady, secretary of state, or senator—but as his mom's best friend. read his letter: rt @thebriefing: the connections between trump and russia are real...and they're cause for concern. a conversation with hillary's best friend betsy about breakups, prom dates, and skateboards: "if we keep at it the way hillary has kept at it decade after decade, progress happens." —@potus rt @rosenbergerlm: .@hillaryclinton on disrupted terror plot in kansas aimed at somali community.  "this plot is an affront to all american…this election will have record turnout, because voters see through trump’s shameful attempts to undermine it just w… rt @heraldleader: editorial endorsement: hillary clinton is the clear choice for president  chip in now to get your free sticker, inspired by @flotus: on election day, let's show what it means to be stronger together:  "it’s time to fight back against donald trump &amp; deport his presidential dreams to the dustbin of history." —@latina "don't fall for the easy cynicism that says your vote doesn't matter...your vote matters." —@potus… "i'm going to be the voice of the voiceless." —gwen carr, mother of eric garner, on her work to reform policing pra… we need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system. not half measures, but full measures:… we've come too far to turn back now. make sure you're registered to vote:  it's incomprehensible that our laws would protect gun makers over sandy hook families. we need to fix this. we couldn't be more lucky to have someone with anne's talent and experience out on the campaign trail. meet six-year-old jaylon and his mom—residents of flint, michigan, and friends of hillary's: rt @timkaine: we're up in the polls—that's great. but when the wind's at your back, it's time to run faster. be a part of this: "we are black, we are proud, and here’s why we are working to elect hillary." @hfa staffers on why they're with her… rt @mayaharris_: .@thfilm a stark reminder the fight for racial justice isn’t past—it’s here &amp; now &amp; requires us all to do our part rt @marleematlin: my response to recent media reports - marlee. one adviser called hillary's efforts to get kids health insurance a "one-woman army inside the white house." rt @theellenshow: i watched @flotus michelle obama’s incredible speech. i asked @hillaryclinton about it. "everyone knows how bright she is and how resilient she is, but...they're going to see how much she cares." —… """all the progress we've made these last  years is on the ballot."" —@potusmake sure you're ready to vote: """donald trump’s closing argument is, ‘what do you have to lose?’the answer is everything.” —@potus "you have a chance to reject the politics of fear. you can lift up again the politics of hope.” —@potus "change is possible, but it doesn’t just depend on one person—it depends on all of us.” —@potus  #strongertogether"she knows that in a democracy as big and diverse as this, we can't demonize each other.” —@potus on hillary"he may be up at am, but it’s because he’s tweeting insults at somebody who got under his skin.” —@potus on trump“she's got the knowledge and experience and the temperament to be the next commander-in-chief.” —@potus on hillary"she's in the arena for you, fighting every day to make sure everybody gets a fair shake.” —@potus on hillary"hillary is one of the smartest, toughest, best-prepared, most experienced candidates to ever run for this job.” —@potus"you can go vote early right now. early voting started on wednesday...go to  —@potus in ohiort @hillaryforoh: happening now: @potus speaks at our #ohvotesearly rally in cleveland about what’s at stake in this election! watch: rt @latina: .@latina officially endorses @hillaryclinton. the only thing that needs to be deported is a donald trump presidency: what's "smart" about not funding america's military, schools, or health care for kids? "if you vote for someone other than hillary—or if you don't vote at all—then you are helping to elect her opponent.… "if we let hillary's opponent win this election, then we are sending a clear message to our kids." —@flotus… """we can save our planet while creating millions of clean energy jobs."" —hillaryhere's how:  six reasons you need to vote, courtesy of @flotus.  thank you, @flotus. "nobody can fully know what it’s like to manage a global crisis…but i tell you nobody’s been closer to those decisi… .@flotus just gave one of the most powerful and emotional speeches of this election. read it here: "i would like to extend my warmest congratulations to antónio guterres on his appointment as the next secretary-gen… every minute of michelle obama’s  minute speech today is worth watching. .@flotus, i'm in awe. thanks for putting into words what's in so many of our hearts. -h"ms. clinton will prove a worthy example to girls who celebrate the election of america’s first female president.” "now is the time for all of us to stand up and say enough is enough. this has got to stop right now." —@flotus on t… “in difficult times, we don’t discard our highest ideals, we rise up to meet them.” —@flotus"on november , we can show our children that we reject hatred and fear.” —@flotus:  "if we have a president who...brags about sexually assaulting women, then how can we maintain our moral authority in the world?" —@flotus"remember, when they go low, we go high.” —@flotus: "we as women have all the power we need to determine the outcome of this election.” —@flotus "no one could be more qualified for this job than hillary, no one.” —@flotus"now is the time for all of us to stand up and say, enough is enough.” —@flotus on trump rt @ladygaga: .@flotus watching you speak on @cnn in new hampshire in tears. you are a true role model and leader.“hillary clinton has never quit on anything in her life.” —@flotus“strong men, men who are truly role models, don’t need to put down women to make themselves feel powerful.” —@flotusrt @joyannreid: michelle obama is speaking so much truth right now, and so eloquently. this is not normal. it's not politics. it's indecent…"the men in my life do not talk about women like this, and i know that my family is not unusual.” —@flotus“to dismiss this as everyday ‘locker room talk’ is an insult to decent men everywhere.” —@flotus"this was not just 'locker room banter.' this was a powerful individual speaking freely &amp; openly about predatory behavior” —@flotus on trump“i can’t believe i’m saying a candidate for president of the united states has bragged about sexually assaulting women.” —@flotus“the measure of any society is how it treats its women and girls.” —@flotus .@flotus is in new hampshire talking about what's at stake in this election. watch live: “we cannot afford to squander this opportunity, particularly given the alternative.” —@flotus:… today marks  years of service and sacrifice from the @usnavy. to all sailors serving, past and present, and their families—thank you."hillary clinton has the potential to be an excellent president of the united states." —@washingtonpost rt @washingtonpost: the washington post's editorial board endorses hillary clinton for president  "can i just say, i am really into electing hillary clinton.” —@potus:  we have to win this election.rt @creynoldsnc: hfa statement from @jmpalmieri on tonight's troubling trump revelations: if we unite together, we will rise together. rt @hillary_esp: "como presidenta, solo hillary clinton protegerá a los dreamers y familias como las nuestras" —@astrid_nv. from rivals to colleagues to friends. hillary and @potus, in photos: "the best choice, without a doubt, is hillary clinton." —@sltrib endorsing hillary “we need to show each other more kindness and support. the last thing we need in our country is more bullies.” —hillary“i’m going to double the child tax credit—that’s another $, for young kids to pay for the things you need.” go to  to see how much you and your family could save under hillary’s student debt plan.“if he wants to make america great again, start by making america with american steel.” —hillary on trump using chinese steel“we’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top.” —hillary “i want every boy and girl to know, the american dream is big enough for you. and there is a place in america for you.” —hillary in colorado“i want to be the president, yes, for democrats, but also for republicans and independents.” —hillary in colorado #strongertogether"“we expect record numbers of people to vote in this presidential election.” —hillarymake sure you're one of them: " days to go &amp; hillary’s hitting the trail in colorado. watch live: and register to vote: florida, good news! your voter registration deadline is extended to tuesday, october  at pm et. forms must be po… comparing  years of public service with…trump. "we don't disrespect women in our locker rooms." —@kingjames rt @peter_j_k: it's official: if trump releases his tax returns veterans will get $m+. has he even paid taxes in the last  years? we des…progress is on the ballot.  rt @nytimes: donald trump's tax plan would add to the federal debt and hillary clinton’s wouldn’t, study finds in , hillary worked to support and rebuild new york after /. trump pocketed emergency funds for himself.… rt @brosandprose: it's time for a history lesson:  rt @nicholaskitchel: cecil is first in line to vote in mahoning county: "i wouldn't miss this because so many people fought for the right t…rt @omerizer: doors opened at ! cleveland is voting early for hillary! #ohhillyes #hrcle if trump wants to compare what he and hillary have done for the last  years, by all means:  "the dispatch urges voters to elect hillary clinton." —@dispatchalerts  #ohvotesearlyrt @kendallybrown: i've been crying for the last  hours live tweeting #ohvotesearly. we're really doing this, guys. we're electing the fir…here are some things we’ve both done over the last  years:  "you want to give me a good send-off? go vote!" —@potus:  at the debate, the impeccably dressed ken bone asked a great question about meeting our energy needs. hillary’s res… lots of states have registration deadlines today—and she's counting on you to turn out on november .… “it might seem like a very small thing, but these small policies matter.” —@lavernecox on hillary improving passpor… lgbt kids are perfect exactly the way they are. #bornperfect rt @davidnakamura: obama on trump video: "you don’t have to be a husband or father to say, 'that’s not right.' you just have to be a decent…we have a choice between taking serious steps to combat climate change—and refusing to admit it even exists. trump "doesn't have the temperament or the judgment...or the basic honesty that a president needs to have" —@potus: hillary just introduced a new plan to help lift families with children out of poverty: g’mar chatima tova to those celebrating #yomkippur. wishing you a meaningful day and an easy fast. -hif you’re able, chip in to help the families affected by hurricane matthew:  -hi’m really concerned for north and south carolinians dealing with such dangerous flooding. please heed the latest warnings &amp; stay safe. -hrt @tammybaldwin: i'm proud to serve as the first openly-gay senator &amp; i encourage you to continue fighting for social justice for all #nat…"i often think of that moment when we both came out to each other: me as a gay woman and hillary as my ally." —mira the violence transgender americans face—particularly transgender women of color—is a rebuke to all of us. we have t… """take it from me, your vote can make all the difference in this election.” —@algoretext climate to  to make sure you're registered."“elections have consequences. your vote counts. your vote has consequences.” —@algore "hillary clinton will make solving the climate crisis a top national priority.” —@algorert @johnpodesta: we can fight climate change because our next president has a plan. @hillaryclinton #imwithher rt @johnpodesta: hillary won’t just meet the goals we set in paris—she’ll aim to exceed them &amp; cut emissions as much as % by . we need to elect people up and down the ballot, at every level of government, who take climate change seriously and are ready to take it on."the paris climate agreement is our last, best chance to solve the climate crisis.donald trump wants to cancel it. rt @johnpodesta: and whether or not he chooses to acknowledge climate change in his campaign, even donald can’t ignore it forever... "the clean energy superpower of the st century is probably going to be germany, china, or us—and i want it to be us." —hillary in miamithe choice we face on climate change. fact: the pentagon has identified climate change as a threat to america’s national security.at this rate,  in  homes in florida could be underwater by the end of the century, when kids born today are grandparents.we've always had destructive hurricanes, but hurricane matthew was likely more destructive because of climate change.our next president will either step up our efforts to address climate change or drag us backward and put our whole future at risk.rt @algore: our planet can't afford denial on climate or opposition to solutions. @hillaryclinton will work hard to solve the pressing issu…“climate change is real, it’s urgent, and america can take the lead in the world in addressing it.” —hillary in miamihillary and @algore are live from miami speaking about why we have to act on climate change. watch live: rt @potus: on international #dayofthegirl, we remain committed to providing what we all want for our daughters: a future of limitless possi…many states have voter registration deadlines today. don't sit out—make sure you're registered to vote: coming out often takes incredible courage. on #nationalcomingoutday, let's honor that courage by showing lgbt ameri… every girl—in every country—deserves to get an education and reach her dreams. thank you, @flotus.  #dayofthegirlrt @postopinions: post editorial- donald trump, putin’s puppet "the choice on climate change:hillary has a plan to turn america into a clean energy superpower.trump calls it a ""… rt @mpshapiro: new: @hillaryclinton will double the child tax credit to $, for young kids, rewarding work &amp; reducing poverty: rt @rtraister: hrc unveils plan to tackle deep poverty. everything about this, at this stage of the race, is remarkable. , strong turned out in columbus last night. make sure you and your friends register and turn out to vote:… every single american deserves full equality under our laws—no matter who you are or who you love.… "rt @ezraklein: trump's plan today: start a fight with paul ryanclinton's plan today: outline agenda to fight deep poverty"we urge voters to dump trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: hillary clinton” —@denverpost does trump have the discipline to be a good leader? you decide. thinking of my friend and outstanding public servant brooklyn da ken thompson, who passed away yesterday. my prayer… "trump is the worst major-party candidate this republic has ever produced." —@foreignpolicy it'd been  years since @dispatchalerts endorsed a democrat for president—until now: rt @timkaine: the difference between hillary and donald in less than  seconds. we counted all the times donald trump lied in last night’s debate so you didn’t have to. rt @dougmillsnyt: .@hillaryclinton on the campus of the ohio state university. rt @hillaryforoh: the south oval @ohiostate is a sea of supporters tonight, because college students are going to help hillary win ohio thi…rt @tyleroakley: the new episode of #thetyleroakleyshow is my favorite one yet. @hillaryclinton's running-mate @timkaine is the real deal!…".@foreignpolicy has never endorsed a candidate for political office.until now: trump owes the country an apology for all of the horrible things he's said. it's time for him to take responsibilit… never heard of a “blue collar worker” losing nearly $ billion in a year and cheating hundreds of other workers in… six moments from last night's debate that prove trump is totally unfit to be president. "it’s easy to get cynical about politics, but that’s what the other side wants you to feel.prove them wrong: "we’re going to make public colleges like wayne state tuition-free for working families.” —hillary in detroit donald trump actually stood on a debate stage and said wages in america are too high.if trump wants to make america great again, he should start by buying american steel for his construction projects.here in america, we are taught to and we should respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity.“last night, donald trump spent his time attacking when he should have been apologizing.” —hillary"to paraphrase my friend michelle obama, one of us went high and one of us went low!” —hillary on last night’s debatejust  days left until election day. join hillary for her first stop since last night's debate → rt @realgranthill: i've been in a lot of locker rooms, and what trump said is not locker room banter. don't let this pass, go to  times donald trump lied—or was just totally wrong—on the debate stage last night: hillary's been fighting for kids and families her entire career—and that's the experience she'll take to the white… he went low; she went high. rt @timkaine: i spent an afternoon visiting with retirees in pennsylvania, and one thing is clear—they aren't buying what donald trump is s…rt @potus: just like michelle says, when they go low, we go high. @hillaryclinton went high and showed why she'll be a potus for all americ…ryan is still endorsing trump. rt @foreignpolicy: the editors of foreign policy have never endorsed a candidate for political office -- until now. trump lost last night's debate before he even took the stage, and it only got worse from there. "only one candidate on the ballot nov.  belongs anywhere near the white house, and it’s hillary." —@bostonglobe if trump stands by what he said about women as “locker room talk,” he's clearly not sorry. rt @nytopinion: he lied about a sex tape. he lied about tax rates. he lied about isis. rt @paulkrugman: let's be clear: a candidate for president promised to put his opponent in jail if he wins. everything else is secondary."tonight, trump dismissed his comments about groping women as ""locker room talk.""but words matter. she won.  #debate rt @jes_chastain: im very proud of @hillaryclinton tonight. it was a very uncomfortable debate. when he went low, she went high. #imwithher…"rt @latimes: who won the debate? judges say: clinton was the overall winnermore:  rt @sean_p_thomas: on substance, on style, on dignity, on temperament, the clear victor is @hillaryclinton. an overgrown toddler vs. a virt…rt @literally_trump: "she doesn't quit, she doesn't give up, she's a fighter" —donald trump on hillary clinton, tonight "rt @mic: hillary clinton won the second #debate, mostly because donald trump totally imploded rt @rnicholasburns: @hillaryclinton won this debate on judgment, intelligence, maturity.  trump showed how disastrously ill-suited he is fo…rt @martinomalley: .@hillaryclinton is a fighter. and she just proved, once again, that she's the only candidate who has what it takes to b…rt @cecilerichards: i am so proud to stand with @hillaryclinton. she could not have been more poised or presidential. #shewon #debate #imwi…rt @gabbygiffords: .@hillaryclinton showed tonight that she is the only candidate in this race who is prepared to be commander-in-chief. #d…hillary won tonight. chip in to help her win on november th:  #debatert this if you're prouder than ever to be on hillary's team.  #debatenight "rt @thebriefing: donald trump promises he'll revive steel manufacturing in the us. he himself doesn't always use us steel. #debate  h…"trump talks tough on trade and chinese steel hurting american workers—but he bought chinese steel for two of his last three buildings."the next president could appoint up to three supreme court justices.will they protect americans' rights, or corporations'? #debate"many people are saying donald trump doesn't have the discipline, temperament, or vision to be president. #debateyou did, in fact, say this. #debate "rt @thebriefing: donald trump is already having an effect on our kids -- and he's only a candidate.imagine him as president. #debat…""""i will be a president for all of the people."" —donald trump**except women, people of color, lgbt people, muslims... #debate""i know more about isis than the generals." —donald trump, who clearly doesn't. #debatert @thebriefing: given whatever that was...shouldn't be surprising that this is donald trump's actual isis plan. #debate "rt @refinery: to recap: #debate rt @thebriefing: s: donald trump was playing hard ball with the lawyers of the families he hurt. hillary clinton was playing hard b…"four hundred pieces of legislation have hillary clinton's name on them.how many has donald trump passed? #debate"rt @timkaine: trump basically admits that he's not paying federal taxes. blue star families like ours don't appreciate him stiffing our tro…rt @thebriefing: while donald trump was...being donald trump, hillary clinton was fighting to get kids health care. #debate "trump: ""health care—why didn't she do something about it?""here's hillary in , testifying for health care refo… trump would give millionaires (like him) and billionaires the biggest tax cuts they’ve ever had. #debate trump has gotten one thing right about the economy. #debate "rt @thebriefing: trump would give his own family a $ billion tax cut. billion.with a ""b"". #debate "rt @thebriefing: think the bush tax cuts didn't give enough money away to the super wealthy? you'll love the trump tax cut. #debate h…"donald always takes care of donald and people like donald.  #debateask yourself: do you want the guy who lost a billion dollars in one year—running a casino!—to run the u.s. economy? #debatethe same guy who probably didn't pay federal taxes for  years is ok raising taxes on millions in the middle-class. sound right to you?"almost every foreign policy decision [trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest." —@kurteichenwald rt @thebriefing: the us government took the unprecedented step of declaring that the russian government is behind these hacks. rt @timkaine: donald—you can’t show us your plans because you have none. #debatedonald trump was not against the war in iraq. #debate our vision for america is a country where everyone has a place, including, of course, muslim americans. #debate rt @thebriefing: this muslim ban is...literally still on donald trump's website right now. #debate  "the vast majority of muslim americans want to help fight terrorism. we are not at war with islam.trump is playing into terrorists' hands.""you are right about islamophobia, and it's a shame." —donald trump, who proposed a ban on muslims entering the u.s. "rt @thebriefing: donald trump's healthcare plan: ""something terrific.""that's it.seriously. it's gonna be so good. #debatert @thebriefing: fact: trump's health care plans would take health insurance away from  million americans. #debate americans deserve a real plan to expand access to health care and get costs down.  #debatert this to make sure everyone you know is registered to vote:  #debate if hillary tried to fact-check donald in real time, she wouldn't have time for anything else. so, here:  #debate"trump owes president obama an apology for his years-long racist conspiracy. and by the way: ""sorry if you were offended"" doesn't count."rt @timkaine: trust me; what we’re hearing from donald isn’t just “locker room” talk—it’s demeaning, and it’s wrong. #debatemocking a disabled reporter. attacking a gold star family. insulting a judge. trump has never apologized—because that's just who trump is.“i want to send a message: america is already great, but we are great because we are good.” #debate rt @thebriefing: donald trump's pattern of behavior with women, as described by donald trump...decades ago. #debate "trump has said that the video doesn't represent who he is. anyone who heard it knows it's exactly who he is.but that's not who we are.""i have great respect for women." —@realdonaldtrump, who said all of these things. #debate we are going to respect each other, lift each other up, and celebrate our diversity. #debate #strongertogether if we work together—if we overcome the divisiveness that sometimes sets americans against one another—there's nothing we can't do. #debatelet's go. #debate fighting for all the good she can, in all the ways she can, for as long as ever she can. #debate if you've got hillary's back, tonight is the night to show it. chip in before the debate to say you're with her: remember. #debate rt @creynoldsnc: statement from @jmpalmieri on trump's latest act of desperation get all the latest updates from tonight's debate straight to your phone. #debate at tonight's debate, janelle will be in the audience cheering on her friend, hillary. #debate it's time to hold trump accountable to the facts. follow @thebriefing during tonight's debate to help spread the word. #debates"we urge voters to dump trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race: hillary clinton” —@denverpost saddened by the passing of choco meza, a historic figure in texas politics &amp; beloved friend on our team. my prayers… “the choice that you make, that we make, will determine the direction of this country for a long time." —@potus:… if you read one thing before tonight's debate, make it this: rt @hfa: here's something you can do now to help hillary win: call voters from home using our online call tool. get started: "this is a woman who really does care." rt @timkaine: election day is less than one month away. go to  and make sure you're registered today. rt @hfa: a supporter made this video about why people trust hillary. rt to show you've got her back.  here's what you need to know about early voting and absentee ballots: targeting police officers with violence is unacceptable. my heart breaks for the loss these families have suffered.… rt @clevelanddotcom: why backing @kingjames and his endorsement of @hillaryclinton is the move for this election:  h…i strongly condemn today's attack in jerusalem and my prayers go to the victims' families. the terrorists must be brought to justice. -hhillary has earned nearly every newspaper endorsement of the general election. here's why: rt @unclerush: those of us who are compassionate need to put someone in office who will take care of those of us who are less fortunate. #i…rt this if you're proud to have hillary's back tonight.  what a woman president would mean to teenage girls: "she did everything to make me feel like...i belonged in the white house. can you imagine? from foster care to the… "sometimes the man in the arena, it ain't a man. it is a woman." —@corybooker rt @globeopinion: .@globeopinion endorses: run, don't walk, to your polling place and vote for @hillaryclinton for president. "she doesn't always talk about what drives her. but i've had a chance to see her." —@potus "president hillary clinton on her worst day would be so superior to a president donald trump on any day." chip in to help make sure donald trump never becomes president:  it should concern every american that russia is willing to engage in such hostile acts in order to help donald trum… "women have the power to stop trump. rt @timkaine: this kind of behavior is disgusting. it makes me sick to my stomach. rt @jebbush: as the grandfather of two precious girls, i find that no apology can excuse away donald trump's reprehensible comments degradi…rt @potus: voted early today. make sure you vote too:  the facts are clear: trump refuses to admit he is wrong on the central park jogger case and continues to peddle yet… this is horrific. we cannot allow this man to become president. "a woman who expresses her emotions oftentimes is questioned...it's part of the subtle—and not so subtle—biases tha… """it will send a strong and powerful message...that we truly believe in equality."" —@repjohnlewisregister to vote:… "rt @denveropinion: endorsement: the denver post endorses hillary clinton for president - it's an easy call. "once she was made aware that america had children languishing in foster care...her attitude was: not on my watch."… to everyone in the path of hurricane matthew: stay safe, and know that america is with you. rt @robdelaney: are you registered to vote? can you vote early? find out! rt! 🇺🇸 when hillary wanted to make sure every child in arkansas got a quality education, she did her homework. running for president was a little different back in .  "podemos demostrar que somos una comunidad poderosa. we can prove that we are a mighty community." —@salmahayek →… rt @thebriefing: there were almost too many lies to count....but we kept score. a lot has changed in the past two and a half decades. but the things we’re fighting for remain the same. @leedanielsent thanks, lee! great to have you on this team. -h"latinas still make  cents for every dollar a white man makes. that’s just totally unacceptable." —hillary "our success isn't measured by the size of our bank accounts or the height of our skyscrapers. it's measured by wh… """vote!"" —@evalongoriatag a friend who should see this message.  born  years ago today, civil rights activist fannie lou hamer was a decades-long fighter for universal voting rig… rt @thebriefing: hey @mike_pence—there's this thing called google... thanks, @chancetherapper. "hillary's advice to girls everywhere:""there's nothing wrong with knowing what you want and going after it."" "rt @ppact: ""why don't you trust women to make this choice for themselves?"" - @timkaine we couldn't have said it better ourselves. #pinkou…"every child, no matter their background or what zip code they live in, has the right to a high-quality education. rt @ellemagazine: here's what happened when -year-old @iammarleydias, founder of #blackgirlbooks, interviewed @hillaryclinton: rt @theatlantic: the atlantic makes our third presidential endorsement. read it here:  when trump calls america a "third-world country," you can tell he doesn't do a lot of listening to what's actually… rt @tbtimes_opinion: we are proud to recommend @hillaryclinton for president  """i want a president who stands up against intolerance.""the cast of @empirefox on why they're with hillary:… even mike pence can't defend donald trump's insult-driven campaign. "on every issue, hillary clinton is the superior candidate. hands down." —@berniesanders:  rt @leedanielsent: #iwillvote  @hillaryclinton hurricane #matthew is a major storm. i urge everyone to follow emergency instructions and evacuate if you're told t… “i’m inspired by her heart, her persistence, and her guts.” —@flotus on hillary:  the many, many lies mike pence told at last night's debate. if we had a dollar for every time mike pence lied last night, well... unfortunately for mike pence and donald trump, google exists (and we aren't stupid). “you are more than the way you look.” we make it almost impossible for too many women to balance work and family. that needs to change:… great move by chobani. every parent deserves access to paid family leave. "trump...tarnish[es] almost everyone around him because to work with him, they have to defend the indefensible." when pressed about trump insulting and demonizing latinos and immigrants, mike pence had a...telling response. "pence seemed intent on laying out the case for a presidential candidacy—his own." if by "nonsense" you mean "a cruel and absurd plan that will never happen," we agree. #vpdebate rt @whitehouse: “this gives us the best possible shot to save the one planet we’ve got” —@potus on the #parisagreement   mike pence's #vpdebate strategy seemed to be "if you close your eyes, trump doesn't exist." rt @theatlantic: the atlantic endorses hillary clinton for president  rt @jamilsmith: though pence delivered a polished performance, @heerjeet writes, he told a lot of lies. it’s on us to care. on #worldteachersday, it's not enough to appreciate teachers. we have to support them like america's future is in t… "can [pence] look back on the debate as a success after he repeatedly lied in order to run interference for trump?" rt @timkaine: and proud of it. while millions of families paid their fair share in taxes, it looks like trump contributed nothing to our military… it's unclear exactly whom mike pence was defending last night, but it sure wasn't donald trump. the @nytimes: rt @huffingtonpost: tim kaine schooled mike pence on abortion at the #vpdebate  rt @rosiegray: me on mike pence winning the debate in an alternate reality where donald trump is not the nominee "we trust american women." —@timkaine on a woman's right to abortion .@time: why mike pence didn’t defend donald trump   times pence shrugged off or straight-up lied about what trump has said and done at the #vpdebate: "mr. pence simply ignored the donald trump we have seen on the trail for more than a year." —@nytimes rt @lebassett: one thing is clear: tim kaine won the debate on abortion. rt @jbarro: let's dispel with this fiction that tim kaine doesn't know what he's doing. rt @newrepublic: if politicians are measured by their honesty, pence destroyed his reputation tonight.  "rt @nra: the choice is pretty simple...  #vpdebate in mike pence's defense, we wouldn't want to defend donald trump, either. #vpdebate even mike pence couldn’t defend the terrible things trump’s said and done—so instead, he lied about them. "rt @nytimes: frank bruni: mike pence’s galling amnesia via @nytopinion"at the #vpdebate, mike pence tried really, really hard to deny pretty much everything donald trump has said and don… rt @politico:  things trump definitely said that pence claimed he didn’t  | ap photo rt @nytopinion: during the debate, mike pence simply ignored the donald trump we have seen on the trail for more than a year. the headline says it all.  #vpdebatelucky to have a partner like @timkaine who stood up for our shared vision tonight—instead of trying to deny it. #vpdebatert @timkaine: let's show the world that we're standing together. chip in now:  #vpdebate rt @jmpalmieri: @realdonaldtrump lost his second debate tonight.  both @mike_pence and @timkaine were running against trump.rt @barbaraboxer: the trust of women is the issue. pence and trump don't trust women. hillary clinton and tim kaine do. #vpdebate"rt @johndingell: mike pence continually threatens to defend trump's horrible comments, then immediately discusses an unrelated topic.a pr…"seems like pence forgot a lot of the things trump has been saying throughout his campaign! here to help:  #vpdebate"rt @ajentleson: the disloyalty pence demonstrated was astounding. he defended trump on nothing. he created his own platform and defende…"rt @vegalteno: most imp lesson vp debate given by @timkaine "let women make decisions over their own body." @govpencein wants  force his p…rt @sean_p_thomas: winner- @timkaine. more honesty, more facts. fierce advocate for his running mate. #pence wouldn't touch donald with …rt @jessetyler: my takeaway of the #vpdebate: pence is asking americans to get behind a candidate who's words he himself can not defend.couldn't be prouder of @timkaine. pitch in $ now to make sure he becomes our next vice president:  #vpdebatert @cecilerichards: thank you @timkaine for standing with women. trump/pence would send #reprorights back decades.  #vpdebatert @millennialsher: tonight pence could not defend any of donald trump's awful statements. this is not a team we want in the white house.…rt this if you're proud to be on this team—all the way to the white house.  #vpdebate rt @frankiejgrande: i ❤️ @timkaine. he's intelligent, strong &amp; he supports gay rights. there's no option here... #vpdebate #imwithtim #imwi…"""we trust american women.""thank you, @timkaine. #vpdebate""we support roe v. wade. we support the constitutional right of american women to...make their own decision about pregnancy." —@timkaine"rt @thebriefing: .@clintonfdn spends % of its funds directly on charity. see for yourself: #vpdebate  the trump foundation has spent "virtually every cent on charitable causes." —@mike_pence  "rt @timkaine: the clinton foundation has an a+ rating from charity watch.yesterday the trump foundation was ordered to stop fundraising i…"actually, @mike_pence, your running mate did say that.  #vpdebate rt @thebriefing: donald trump and mike pence are aligned on the issues. now, will pence defend the things trump does? tim kaine is right: we should stop praising putin. #vpdebate rt @timkaine: “how can you support the troops if you won’t pay taxes?” —tim #vpdebate mike pence claiming that trump supports our troops and veterans when he insults them and probably doesn't pay taxes is laughable. #vpdebatert @literally_trump: donald trump said putin is a better leader than president obama. and his running mate agrees. "rt @thebriefing: mike pence denied that donald trump would put a ban on muslims. it's still on their website. wonder if trump has shown pence his "secret plan" to defeat isis. we’re still waiting. #vpdebate rt @thebriefing: here's everything mike pence and donald trump have offered on defeating isis. #vpdebate rt @timkaine: "donald trump can’t start a twitter war with miss universe without shooting himself in the foot.” —tim #vpdebatert @timkaine: “these guys…want to go to house-to-house, school-to-school and business-to-business and kick out  million people.” rt @timkaine: "i cannot believe that governor pence would sit here and defend his running mate’s claim that we should have a deportation fo…"yes, trump and pence are running an insult-driven campaign.donald's literally doing it right now. #vpdebate.@timkaine just reminded mike pence of the bigoted things trump has said about millions of americans—and pence couldn't defend it. #vpdebatert @timkaine: “people shouldn’t be afraid to bring up issues of bias in law enforcement...if you’re afraid to have the discussion, you’ll n…implicit bias is real. it hurts americans. anyone who'd outright deny its existence is unfit for the white house. #vpdebatewhen mike pence says he and donald trump won't raise taxes, he's lying.  #vpdebate"""the policies of this administration have driven this economy into a ditch.” —pencenope. #vpdebate "rt @timkaine: trump stood on the debate stage last week and said not paying taxes “makes me smart.”guess that makes all the rest of us st…"rt @thebriefing: donald trump thinks this is "smart." if you pay taxes, what does he think of you? #vpdebate reminder: donald trump may not have paid any federal income taxes for  years, but wants to give his family a $ billion tax cut. #vpdebateif you can't spot the difference between pence and trump on their disastrous economic plans, it's because there isn… rt @timkaine: if donald trump was looking for a vp with the experience to implement his failed economic policies, it looks like he found hi…"rt @thebriefing: .@moodysinvsvc:clinton's economic plans will create . million jobs. trump's will cost almost . million. htt…""""hillary clinton and tim kaine want to build on obamacare."" —mike pencefact check: true. #vpdebate"rt @timkaine: .@mike_pence if you wanted a refresher on hillary’s accomplishments as secretary of state. #vpdebate rt @timkaine: hillary clinton’s life has always been about putting others first—donald trump’s always been about putting himself first.the theme of the night: "i can't imagine how governor pence can defend...donald trump." —@timkaine #vpdebate rt @timkaine: “we trust her with the most important thing in our life: we have a son deployed overseas” —tim on hillary #vpdebate  "i can't imagine how governor pence can defend the insult-driven, selfish, me-first style of donald trump." —@timkaine #vpdebatethanks for the kind words, mike. #vpdebate rt @timkaine: ready. #vpdebate rt to let @timkaine know you've got his back tonight. #vpdebate rt @joebiden: one thing's clear: @timkaine and hillary have hardworking americans' backs. the vp's office is in good hands. –joe #vpdebatert @timkaine: you're never too old to invite your parents to your #vpdebate. tune in to watch at pm et. if you're on @timkaine's team tonight, chip in before the #vpdebate to let him know:  "tonight, mike pence is going to prove he's got trump's back no matter what.follow @thebriefing to hold him ac… "number of times trump has tweeted at @rosie: number of times trump has tweeted in support of mike pence, his running mate:  #vpdebate".@timkaine's spent his whole life fighting for working families, so i have no doubt he'll do the same tonight. go get 'em, tim. -hif trump's decisiveness in choosing mike pence as his running mate is any indication, he'll be great at making hard… mike pence has actually signed into law hateful policies like those touted by donald trump. before mike pence takes the debate stage to defend his running mate, remember the time trump couldn't decide whethe… "post-traumatic stress isn't something strong people can handle &amp; weak people can't.trump’s comments aren't just ignorant, they’re harmful."“i learned that preparation is important.” —hillary on what she learned by debating donald trump"he was a failure at business…and by wrecking his business, he wrecked the lives of his workers.” —hillary on trump.@timkaine is going to finish this campaign the same way he started his career—fighting for working families. rt @johnpodesta: good news out of brussels— paris climate agreement now squarely on track to enter into force this year. our veterans and military families deserve better than what donald trump says about them. rt @hillary_esp: preocupada por las millones de familias en el trayecto del huracán matthew. puedes donar para los afectados aquí: "tim is a good man. he’s a true progressive. and he will make a great vice president." —@potus on @timkaine rt @elizabethforma: think about it: @realdonaldtrump calls latinos rapists, african americans thugs, &amp; women fat pigs, &amp; kelly ayotte think…tonight, mike pence will either have to leave trump out to dry—or try to justify the things they both believe.… rt @cnnpolitics: michelle obama calls on americans to vote: "each of you, just in this hall, could swing an entire precinct" concerned for the millions of families in hurricane matthew's path. you can donate to help those in need here.  -hcontributing nothing to our military, public schools, kids' health care, and more doesn't make you "smart." rt @cnnpolitics: michelle obama: "hillary clinton is tough" ... when she gets knocked down, she comes back stronger rt @nydailynews: "i still have nightmares. and they are very real" — a soldier who struggled with ptsd educates @realdonaldtrump white people need to empathize and understand what it’s like for black parents to worry about their kids' safety. under hillary’s plan, if your family earns $, or less, you'll be able to go to a public college tuition-free. a mother who lost a son to gun violence asked hillary a question about how we can stop it: "we have got to be as clear as possible: you are more than the way you look.” —hillary to young girls with  days left, hillary's in pa talking about how she'll help kids and families. join the conversation live → rt @timkaine: my message to donald trump and mike pence. #vpdebate imagine donald trump's most hateful rhetoric signed into law. mike pence's record shows that it could happen.  things you should know about @timkaine before tonight's debate.  #vpdebatealmost every newspaper that has endorsed a presidential candidate in the general election has endorsed hillary. rt @cnnpolitics: joe biden criticizes donald trump's comments on ptsd: "this is an ignorant man"  "i've known hillary since september of ...we were just thinking of the next nancy drew book." —hillary's lifelo… "mike pence: a divisive, anti-woman, anti-lgbt, anti-worker extremist. no wonder trump picked him. #vpdebate .@timkaine wears his "f" rating from the @nra like a badge of honor. we had our best analysts create a calculator to see how much you'd pay in taxes if you paid the same as trump: a person who implies that veterans suffering from pts are not "strong" is unfit to be commander-in-chief. period. "she is far and away the choice for the presidency of the united states in ." —@nydailynews "hillary has always been a champion for children and their futures." —@kingjames trump’s campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a “genius.” "we both believe every child should have the chance to live up to his or her god-given potential” —hillary on lebron hillary’s speaking live in akron, ohio. tune in now: rt @thebriefing: if you pay your taxes, what does this mean donald trump thinks of you? it’s filipino american history month, so lets honor their many contributions—from serving in wwii to strengthening our labor movement. -hveterans who experience pts are stronger than we'll ever understand. we owe them nothing short of world-class care: rt @lorellapraeli: got to share my story &amp; talk about why our voice is our vote on @theriveterspod. register:  rt @timkaine: my dad al owned a union ironworking shop in kansas city. that's where i learned about respecting hard work and hardworking pe…rt @kingjames: was at practice all morning so little late but wanted to share... trump's child care "plan" is really just a tax cut for the wealthy—while giving working families almost nothing.  no one should have to choose between paying the rent and filling their prescriptions. a wall street money manager should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than a teacher or a nurse.rt @hfa: "not a single ceo of a fortune  company supports trump’s campaign." —@hillaryclinton"trump's campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a ""genius.""what kind of genius loses $ billion in a single year?"rt @hfa: "trump’s plan would cut his own taxes even more…his plan would actually raise taxes for millions of middle-class families." —hilla…for years, trump has been taking from american taxpayers with both hands and giving nothing back. “it doesn’t look like he paid a dime of federal income tax for almost two decades.” —hillary on trumprt @hfa: “when the middle class thrives and our country is strong, businesses thrive too. and when it doesn’t, we don’t.” —@hillaryclintoncorporations that benefit from all that america has to offer should feel a sense of responsibility toward shareholders and workers.honest work deserves honest pay. everyone should have the right to join a strong union that will always have your back.live from toledo: watch hillary speak on her plan to make the economy work for everyone—not just those at the top. millions of americans work hard and pay their taxes. so why doesn't donald trump pay his? rt @buzzfeednews: trump suggests that soldiers who suffer from ptsd aren't "strong"  "i knew then that she was destined for great things." an interview with hillary's lifelong friend, betsy ebeling: "in one week, trump has:✓lost a debate✓attacked a woman at  am on twitter✓had his net worth downgradedand more: rt @repjohnlewis: happy monday, my friends. are you registered to vote? the right to vote is precious, almost sacred, and we must use it. #…"hillary is running on the message of hope and unity that we need." —@kingjames can a man who lost $ billion in one year, stiffed small businesses, and may have paid no taxes really claim he's "… rt @hillary_esp: según @nytimes,trump pudo haber contribuido menos para el ejército y las universidades que los inmigrantes indocumentados…according to @nytimes, trump may contribute less to our military and college students than the undocumented immigrants he wants to deport."newspapers that have endorsed @realdonaldtrump:. .... .... (uh, the national enquirer?) "let's register to vote, show up to the polls, and vote for hillary clinton." —@kingjames:  three pages of trump's tax returns confirm he's a business failure who's gotten rich at your expense. imagine what… donald trump might have gone decades without paying taxes—but he’s not afraid of telling other people to pay theirs. rt @businessinsider: [exclusive] — @kingjames: why i'm endorsing @hillaryclinton for president  "if she gets to be president, she won’t waste a day." —@billclinton, now playing on with her at… donald trump built numerous squandered businesses on the backs of taxpayers—and he hasn't even paid his fair share. real change happens when americans come together to work toward a common goal—we'll make it easier to do that. l'shana tovah to everyone celebrating rosh hashanah! may the coming year be filled with sweetness and joy. -h“it would be reckless not to consider the damage mr. trump might wreak.”—@washingtonpost: reminder: while trump probably pays no federal taxes, he wants a $ billion tax break for his own family.… now that's pretty rich coming from a guy who paid $ in taxes for  years:  try our new tool! see how much you'd pay in federal income taxes if you paid the same as "billionaire" donald trump: .@timkaine's favorite records—and  other things you should know about america's next vice president: """we truly are stronger together — and together, we’re going to make history.""a note from hillary: trump "apparently got to avoid paying taxes for nearly two decades—while tens of millions of working families paid… they're voting. are you? make sure you're registered:  rt @nytimes: exclusive: nyt has obtained parts of trump's  tax records. he could have paid no federal income tax for  years rt @zekejmiller: trump tax records obtained by the times reveal he could have avoided paying taxes for nearly two decades “she’s just out there every day doing god’s work in her own way. you know? making her parents proud.” —betsy, hilla… we're going to make college debt-free for everyone in america. see how much you could save with hillary's plan at… don't boo. vote!  this republican dad is struggling with the idea of his daughter growing up in a country led by donald trump. hillary teamed up with @berniesanders on a plan to make college debt-free for all americans. rt @mayaharris_: encouraging to see at&amp;t ceo randall stephenson's strong statement on race and justice. "it was overwhelming, in every sense of that word." —betsy, hillary's oldest friend, on casting the illinois delega… great step forward by the obama administration. it’s past time for congress to guarantee paid sick leave for everyo… "i feel like i'm the political equivalent of the antiques roadshow." —@billclinton, now playing on with her at… nobody here was “having fun” except for trump. for those few people knocking public service, hope you'll reconsider answering the call to help others. because we're stronger together.remember, don't believe the haters who describe america as hopeless and broken. we should lift each other up, not tear each other down.too many talented young people pass up on programs like @peacecorps because of student loans. let's use good judgment &amp; lighten that burden.there are hundreds of thousands more @americorps applications than spots. horrible! let's expand it from , annual members to ,.it's :am. as good a time as any to tweet about national service. "trump stood on a debate stage and lied to millions of americans.chip in to make sure he never becomes president:… donald trump said he has "great respect" for women. his actions and words say otherwise. rt @timkaine:  days.  trump wants to bring nyc's old, unconstitutional stop-and-frisk policy—aka racial profiling—to a city near you. rt @mayaharris_: we must ensure access to safe and legal abortion for all women—not just in principle but in practice. #beboldendhyde when ruline was born, women couldn't vote. yesterday, at , she voted for hillary. make sure you're registered:… rt @berniesanders: it's pretty telling that donald trump thinks the problem with his sexist tweets is the time that they were sent. .@billclinton on pre-debate jitters (his) and hillary's favorite tv shows, now playing on with her:… "rt @applemusic: get #the now.@maryjblige &amp; @hillaryclinton speak candidly. watch here: make sure @realdonaldtrump's bullying never reaches the white house. chip in now:  rt @sunsentinel: .@sunsentinelopinion has endorsed @hillaryclinton to serve as the next president of the united states: rt @jmpalmieri: @realdonaldtrump's problem isn't that he couldn't be heard on monday night. his problem is we all heard him quite clearly.rt @hillary_esp: a trump "le resulta más fácil insultar a mujeres que hablar con el presidente de méxico sobre construir la muralla" —hilla…a man who can be provoked by a tweet should not be anywhere near the nuclear codes."who gets up at  o'clock in the morning to engage in a twitter attack against a former miss universe?” —hillary"his latest twitter meltdown is unhinged, even for him.” —hillary on trumptrump "finds it a lot easier to insult women than to talk to the president of mexico about building a wall.” —hillary"my view is we are already great, and if we work together, we will become even greater in the years ahead.” —hillary in floridameet hillary's lifelong friend, betsy. "rt @thedemocrats: warning: this video contains offensive language, inappropriate behavior, and blatant misogyny. voter discretion is advis…"trump admits he "can't say" he treats women with respect. rt @sdutideas: this paper has not endorsed a democrat for president in its -year history. until now. here's why: rt @cnnpolitics: a vote  years in the making: ruline steininger is one of the first in iowa to vote in person for hillary clinton rt @hillaryforfl: " days left. do we lift each other up or do we tear each other down?" —hillary this election is about whether we’re a country that lifts each other up or tears each other down. rt @hfa: “i’m trying to end the campaign focusing on issues that are really close to my heart, and this is one of them.” —hillary on nation…national service has always been a bipartisan goal. when it's hard to find common ground, it’s important we come together where we can.rt @hfa: "i intend to make sure that % of @americorps slots go to americans over the age of .” —hillaryrt @hfa: we'll grow @americorps from , annual volunteers to , and double the scholarship that volunteers earn through their serv…rt @hfa: too often volunteering becomes something only people with lots of time and financial security can do. everyone should be able to c…however you serve, it feels great to be a part of something bigger than yourself—to work toward making something good happen in the world.this is one of the best things about americans—we’re doers. when we see something that needs fixing, we roll up our sleeves and get to work.every good thing that we’ve ever achieved has always been because people have worked together to make it happen. trump stood up at his convention and described a hopeless, broken nation—one that in no way resembles the strong, vibrant america we know.this race comes down to two things: what kind of future we want for our kids and how we achieve it. there are just  days between now &amp; november . just  days left in the most important election in our lifetimes. hillary’s speaking in florida on her plan to expand opportunities for national service. watch here: rt @hillary_esp: alicia merece respeto por enfrentar con valentía los ataques de trump. ¿y él tiene el descaro de culparla y decir que él l…while donald continues day  of his machado meltdown, we'll be in florida talking about national service. you'll want to watch."trump on equal pay: ""do as good a job"" as men.abortion? should be ""punished.""pregnancy? an ""inconvenience.""wives working? ""dangerous."""we've heard donald's insults for years, and his policies reflect this disregard—even contempt—for women.trump obsessively bullies rosie o'donnell—an accomplished actor. he insulted kim kardashian for her weight—when she was pregnant. pathetic.to donald, women like alicia are only as valuable as his personal opinion about their looks.  when something gets under donald's thin skin, he lashes out and can't let go. this is dangerous for a president.alicia deserves praise for courageously standing up to trump's attacks. and he has the gall to blame her—and say he "helped"?what kind of man stays up all night to smear a woman with lies and conspiracy theories?this is...unhinged, even for trump. a few notes. rt @fahrenthold: new: @realdonaldtrump's fdn, totally reliant on other people's $, lacks state certification to raise $ from others. rt @usatoday: usa today's editorial board: trump unfit to lead  only one candidate in this election has actual plans to help middle-class families:  """men and women.young and old.gay and straight.native-born and immigrant.that's who the hell we are.""… we have to face the hard truths about race in america. "“this is not me just going through the motions here.i really, really, really want to elect hillary.” —@potus:… trump "can run his campaign however he chooses...i’m going to keep talking about the stakes in this election.” "i will not raise taxes on anyone making less than $,.” —hillary born before women could vote, ruline just cast her ballot for hillary in iowa today. join her:… glad to be back in iowa today where it all began for the start of early voting. find your polling place here:  -h"barack&amp;michelle&amp;joe&amp;bernie&amp;elizabeth&amp;you? trump appears to have broken the law and acted against our nation's interest, all so he could line his own pockets.… "we can’t do any of these things without your help.our future is on the ballot.let's prove that #lovetrumpshate: a four-year college should not be the only path to a middle-class life: let’s make college tuition-free for any family whose income is $, or less and debt-free for everyone. no parent should pay more than % of their income on quality child care.we need to raise the minimum wage so nobody who works full-time is still in poverty: we need to bring technical education back to our schools: as president hillary will stand up for kids and families. she’s done it her whole life: "i want this election to be about something, not just against somebody.” —hillary in iowa: tune in now to watch hillary kick off iowa early voting live from des moines: the images from the train derailment in nj are horrifying. my prayers are with those who lost loved ones and the dozens who were injured. -hrt @hillaryforia: when ruline steininger was born, women couldn't vote. today, at , she's #withherfirst. trump's plan wouldn't just cut taxes for rich people—it would raise taxes for millions of middle-class families. """she’s tough. she doesn’t back down.trump responds to criticism with the petulance of verbal spit wads."" rt @ninhaitseng: hillary clinton: what i learned from being a mom who works via @fortunemagazine donald trump may lie, but the tape doesn't. "hillary will be a president our kids can look up to." —@flotus at monday's debate, trump denied saying a lot of the things he's said. let's set the record straight. with a mother in the oval office, we may finally catch up to the rest of the world on paid leave. rt @sia: #imwithher #stamina #thegreatest "if a candidate regularly and flippantly makes cruel and insulting comments about women...that's who that candidate… "the president commands our nuclear arsenal. trump can’t command his own rhetoric." —@azcentral we are going to end the federal government making money off of lending money to get your education. hillary’s college plan will help students preparing for college, those already in school, and those paying off debt. you can go to  right now to make sure you’re registered to vote.go to  to see how much hillary’s college plan could help you save.if you already have student debt, we’ll help you refinance and pay it back as a percentage of your income. we should make public colleges tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone.paying for college shouldn’t be the hardest part of going to college: "i’m going to close my campaign the way i started my career…fighting for kids and families.” —hillary “we ran a campaign about issues, not insults.” —hillary on her primary campaign with @berniesanders: "thank you, @berniesanders. thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign.” —hillaryrt @berniesanders: this election is enormously important for the future of this country. it is imperative that we elect @hillaryclinton as…rt @berniesanders: i want young people to leave school excited about the future, not being saddled with tens of thousands of dollars in stu…tune in for a live conversation on making college affordable for all with hillary and @berniesanders at @uofnh → rt @washingtonpost: "i sold trump $, worth of pianos. then he stiffed me."  via @posteverything"whew, ok!” "trump's plan:cut taxes for billionaires &amp; millionaires like him.raise taxes for millions of middle-class families. a man who bullies and shames a woman for her weight should never become president. "rt @timkaine: making calls for hillary is easy!. go to . pick a state. follow the script for forty years, every presidential candidate has released their tax returns—except for trump. what's he hiding? "in its -year history, @azcentral has never endorsed a democrat.here's why the paper just endorsed hillary: "hillary and i have lost a true and treasured friend." —@billclinton and hillary on the passing of shimon peres this election is a choice between an economy that benefits everyone or an economy that benefits...donald trump. thank you, @_vicentefdez. you're right—"su voz es su voto." so grateful to have your support. #juntossepuede no matter where you live, you can make sure you're registered to vote at  rt @azcentral: the arizona republic ed board has endorsed @hillaryclinton. see why:  via @azcopinions #elections years after donald bullied a beauty pageant winner for her weight, the real "problem" is...still donald. the question in this election: who can put the plans into action that will make your life better? rt @timkaine: last night, donald trump said not paying taxes was "smart." you know what i call it? unpatriotic. rt @potus: couldn't be more proud of @hillaryclinton. her vision and command during last night's debate showed that she's ready to be our n…"if we stand together, there's nothing we can't do. make sure you're ready to vote:  both candidates were asked about how they'd confront racial injustice. only one had a real answer. this election is too important to sit out. go to  and make sure you're registered. #nationalvoterregistrationday -hwhen donald trump goes low...register to vote:  rt @ddlovato: the election is just weeks away. check if you're registered to vote at  only takes a few clicks! donald trump lied to the american people at least  times during the first presidential debate. (we counted.) “she gained about  pounds in... months. she was like an eating machine.” —trump, a man who wants to be president: it's #nationalvoterregistrationday. celebrate by registering to vote →  """i love this country.i’m proud of this country.i want to be a leader who brings people together.""—hillary #lovetrumpshate""we don’t want to turn against each other.we want to work with one another.we want to set big goals in this country.#strongertogether""what we hear from my opponent is dangerously incoherent. it's unclear what he's saying, but words matter." —hillaryone candidate made it clear he wasn’t prepared for last night’s debate. the other made it clear she’s prepared to b… """what kind of a person would want to root for  million families losing their homes?one who should never be president."" —hillary on trump""i don’t think that any family should have to pay more than % of their income on child care.” —hillary "i’m really glad my dad never had a contract with donald trump.” —hillary when you work hard, you should not be living in poverty. """we may have a record-setting turnout in this election.we could have the biggest turnout we've ever had."" "you can go to  to make sure you are registered. and i hope you all will.” —hillary #nationalvoterregistrationdayjoin hillary live in nc for her first rally since winning last night's debate →  #nationalvoterregistrationdayrt @shondarhimes: so. everything you're feeling after #debates? it's #nationalvoterregistrationday. please:  co…"“donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. and you know what else i prepared for?i prepared to be… hillary was the winner of the first presidential debate—and newspapers across america agree. #shewon… "rt @hillary_esp: trump sobre alicia machado en : ""miss piggy""esta mañana: ""aumentó mucho de peso... era un problema serio"". rt @joebiden: register and vote for democrats like @hillaryclinton and @katiemcgintypa:  #iregistered #voterregistra…rt @andrewjenks: i've been fortunate to meet young americans from all over the country. we all make choices. this is mine...#iregistered #l…"she gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem." —trump this morning on alicia machado rt @repjohnlewis: today is #nationalvoterregistrationday - i was beaten, left bloody &amp; unconscious so that every person could register and…rt @jasoncollins: more than  million americans aren't registered to vote. we have to do better! get registered &amp; spread the word: when you have a really, really good night. #shewon "register. vote. go out and get engaged!” —@joebiden #nationalvoterregistrationday "i'm glad trump found out that crimea was part of ukraine. by the way, i heard he was on the verge of acknowledging gravity." —@joebiden"“let me tell you who built this damn country: the middle class.” —@joebidenlet's keep building it, together: one moment last night that proved—again—that hillary's the only candidate ready to lead on the global stage:  #shewon"anyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night." —hillary #shewon"trump on alicia, : ""miss piggy.""this morning: ""she gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem."" """i have a winning temperament."" —donald trump last night really? #shewon only one person on last night's stage is prepared to be commander-in-chief. make sure she gets the chance:… rt @joebiden: tonight, @hillaryclinton proved she is ready to be president — and donald trump proved he is not. #debatenight  days left. let’s go win this thing:  #debatenight rt @madeleine: .@timkaine that's what we @wellesley girls do! and it's so clear @hillaryclinton is the only candidate prepared to be presid…#debatenight "donald trump called her ""miss piggy"" and ""miss housekeeping.""her name is alicia machado. #debatenight rt @theatlantic: hillary clinton did what she needed to do:  rt @chadhgriffin: tonight, we heard from two candidates -- but only one president. #imwithherrt @hardball: "hillary won big time. it was a shut out." -- @hardballchris #debatenightrt @ezraklein: clinton won this debate in part because she had more stamina for this than trump. he flagged badly after  minutes. she did…the presidency isn't a reality show—it's as real as it gets. make sure you're registered to vote:… text imwithher to  to tell hillary you're on her team all the way to election day. #debatenight rt @machadooficial: gracias señora @hillaryclinton su respeto a las mujeres y nuestras diferencias la hacen grande! estoy con usted!rt this if you're proud to be standing with hillary tonight. #debatenight hillary just proved she's the only candidate who's ready to be president. chip in now and let's go win this thing: when donald trump says he has a "winning temperament." #debatenight the woman trump called “miss piggy” has a name: alicia. #debatenight "when donald trump spends  hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina." —hillary #debatenightdonald trump's "cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling.” #debatenight .@realdonaldtrump: barack obama is your president too. #debatenighta man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his hands anywhere near the nuclear codes. #debatenightthis should go without saying: taking nuclear war lightly is disqualifying for anyone seeking to be president of th… "rt @thebriefing: donald trump says he has better temperament than hillary clinton.fact check: he is donald trump. #debate""i hope the fact-checkers are turning up the volume. donald trump supported the invasion of iraq.” rt @thebriefing: this is... still not true! #debate what is the deal with donald trump and russia?  #debatenightrt @thebriefing: trump's top russia advisor is being probed for meeting with the kremlin aide in charge of us election intelligence.  h…when donald trump goes low, we go high. #debatenight when a man is sued for discriminating against black tenants &amp; pushes birtherism, he's giving you an idea of what kind of president he'd be.rt @thebriefing: this is just one of the business practices that led to donald trump being sued for discrimination. #debate "donald trump's answer for his five years of pushing the racist birther conspiracy theory?""i say nothing."" #debatenight""trump just criticized me for preparing for this debate. you know what else i prepared for? being president." #debatenightpresident obama was born in the united states. he’s american. trump only has one reason for refusing to admit it. #debatenight"still a complete lie. #debatenight donald trump is more concerned with pandering to the gun lobby than keeping families safe. #debatenight the fact that trump's answer to a question about racial injustice is just "we need law and order" pretty much says it all. #debatenightwe’ve got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system and end private prisons. #debatenight rt @buzzfeedben: how hillary clinton took charge in the first presidential debate we are not going to bring new york’s unconstitutional stop-and-frisk program nationwide. #debatenight"""maybe he didn't do a good job."" —donald trumplooks like you “loved” it at the time. #debatenight… "it's about time this country had somebody running it who has an idea about money." —trump #debatenight "paying zero in taxes doesn’t make you ""smart.""it makes you a tax evader. no wonder donald trump is hiding his tax returns. #debatenight rt @mittromney: no legit reason @realdonaldtrump can't release returns while being audited, but if scared, release earlier returns no longe…rt @thebriefing: in the spirit of friendship, here's donald trump's isis plan for your consideration. #debate donald trump may live in his own reality—but we've got his own words right here. check them out:  #debatenight"we can step up and confront climate change, save our planet, and invest in clean energy. or, we can do nothing.… "i never said that." —donald trump, who said that. #debatenight """that's called business."" —donald trump on the housing crash.for millions of americans it was called ""losing their home."" #debatenight"economists project that trump’s plans would add more than $,,,, to the national debt. that's "trillion" with a "t."rt @thebriefing: donald trump seems to think $ million is a "small loan." #debate  every time trump makes a show of railing against outsourcing, remember the countries he shipped jobs and profits to: having a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts, but it does teach you the va… rt @washingtonpost: how many trump products were made overseas? here’s the complete list. there's only one candidate on stage who will support working families. #debatenight we have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. #debatenight watch live: hillary takes the stage for the first presidential debate →  #debatenightlet's do this. #debatenight if you're with hillary, now's the time to show it. chip in before tonight's debate to have her back:  #debatenight"no matter what donald says at tonight's debate, we already know the real trump.follow @thebriefing for the fa… "hillary’s set to take the debate stage at pm et.here's where you can watch:  #debatenight "“you didn’t blame little john or meat loaf. you fired gary busey.these are the kinds of decisions that would keep… rt @onevoxdotcom: study: donald trump would raise taxes on millions of middle-class families  here are  questions trump still needs to answer.  #debatenightwatch this before you watch tonight's debate. #debatenight "trump told  outright lies just last week.keep him honest at tonight's debate: follow @thebriefing to get th… "our presidents are role models for generations of our children. is this the example we want for them?" —@nytimes… rt @voxdotcom: hillary clinton has a $ billion plan to stop the heroin epidemic. donald trump has some slogans. "these headlines on trump's lies are from just one week of his campaign.imagine four years of his presidency. everything you need to know before watching tonight's debate:  tonight, hillary will debate trump for the first time. follow @thebriefing to make sure he's held accountable to the facts. #debatenighta reminder heading into tonight's debate. #debatenight "donald trump is a man who dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises." —@nytimes  #debatenightrt @timkaine: this job takes maturity, compassion, and wisdom. only one candidate has what it takes. #debatenight our daughters deserve better. not a single living president has endorsed donald trump. trump can't win tonight's debate by lying to the american people. rt this if you've got hillary's back tonight. #debates when we come together, there's no problem we can't solve and no divide we can't heal. today, the sacrifices of gold star families weigh heavier on my mind. thank you. i will fight to get you the care &amp; benefits you deserve. -h years ago,  brave students integrated central high school, changing the course of history. let's recommit to fi… let's send donald trump—and the world—a clear message.  #lovetrumpshate imagine donald trump sitting in the situation room making life or death decisions on behalf of the united states. rt @nytimes: the nyt editorial board says donald trump should not be president. here's why.  via @nytopinionrt @joebiden: take it from those who have been there - trump is not ready for the responsibility of being president: "[hillary] is one of the most qualified people ever to run for the office, and she easily earns our endorsement.”… our veterans and their families deserve a president who doesn't disrespect and disparage their sacrifices.  ways hillary's policies would help you in your daily life: rt @militarytimes: this war hero's gold star parents want you to know why they're backing .@hillaryclinton for president rt @thebriefing: once again, trump's own words are the best evidence he's not fit to be president. gold star families have made sacrifices most of us can't even fathom. they deserve our respect and our thanks. not one living president has said they believe donald trump has what it takes to be commander-in-chief. meet three women who inspired hillary to become the person she is today:  "our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience, toughness and courage." —@nytimes on hillary… the new @nmaahc is an overdue tribute to african american history. let's build a more open, inclusive future by reflecting on our past. -h"our choice, hillary clinton, has a record of service and a raft of pragmatic ideas." —@nytimes endorsing hillary… "i thought, this woman—i want to ride with her." —roxie, a republican and small business owner, on meeting hillary hillary's been fighting for women and girls her entire career—and she's just getting started. "a lifetime’s commitment to solving problems in the real world qualifies hillary clinton for this job." —@nytimes we know all too well who donald trump is. let's make sure he never becomes president:  "rt if you believe that #lovetrumpshatethen make sure you're registered to vote:  rt @nytimes: the nyt editorial board endorses hillary clinton for president  via @nytopinion donald trump doesn't see people like anastasia—he only sees disability. "hillary clinton is one of the best prepared candidates to seek the presidency." —@latimes rt @ignite_national: tell a girl to run - for office! #declareyourambition at  if the young women of this country have donald trump as their president, what will they think of themselves? republicans are once again turning their backs on the people of flint who have waited far too long for help. it's w… "i was just blown away by this -year-old girl." —hillary on meeting disability rights advocate @anastasiasomoza rt @timkaine: i wouldn't tolerate anyone talking to my daughter like that, and she wouldn't either. "donald trump committed perjury. or he looked into the faces of the republican faithful and knowingly lied." rt @enquirer: the enquirer editorial board is endorsing hillary clinton for president, breaking a nearly century-long tradition of endorsin…"hillary clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. donald trump would be a catastrophe." —@latimes rt @tedcruz: i’ve released  years of tax returns. rt if you agree it’s time for donald trump to release his! addiction is a disease—not a moral failing. we should support those who are struggling with it. #opioidawarenessweek charlotte should release police video of the keith lamont scott shooting without delay. we must ensure justice &amp; work to bridge divides. -h"she gives us hope for the future. she's our girl."  —roxie, co-owner of @mercersdairy, on hillary rt @everyvoice: every voice is proud to endorse @hillaryclinton for president.  when donald trump speaks about women, our daughters can hear him. rt @latimes: editorial board: clinton would be a smart, pragmatic president. trump would be a catastrophe.  is this the president we want for our daughters? "he's  years old, and he's still a bully." —karen on @realdonaldtrump our favorite moments from hillary's appearance on between two ferns →  "vote." —@lin_manuel  "i really regret doing this." —hillary on between two ferns let's make sure nobody who works full-time in america has to live in poverty.  donald trump's ties to russia may conflict with america's interests—but they're great for his bottom line. very concerned about the outage in puerto rico and the millions of families who don't have power. hoping it's resto… the man who could be your next president may be deeply indebted to another country. do you trust him to run ours? "most people who are bullies grow out of it. donald trump hasn't. "donald trump doesn't see people like me, he only sees disability. i honestly feel bad for someone with so much hat… "i think this is the most important election in my lifetime." @chelseaclinton takes the 🎤 in this week's podcast: "donald trump is really good at spending other people's money—on:legal settlements.payoffs.portraits of himself. rt @rachaelgass: holding back tears right now. for those of us that didn't grow up with #ada this is amazing. #imwithher #cripthevotert @funnyordie: .@hillaryclinton sits down between two ferns with zach galifianakis for her most memorable interview yet. trump should have to answer exactly why he refuses to believe that @potus is american. rt @youngpwdhrc: trump mocks people with disabilities. hillary clinton wants to expand their job opportunities no child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. we have to do better. here's how: "you would think there is almost, like, something wrong." —donald trump on mitt romney failing to release his tax r… going to bat for kids who are too often counted out has always been a priority for hillary. .@timkaine is more than just a great running mate—he's a great guy to have as a friend, too. we need a president who sees the best in all of us. rt @thebriefing: happy anniversary!  years ago today, romney released his  tax returns (which trump urged him to do). where are tr…"a disability shouldn't define your future.at @childdefender, hillary helped give kids the chance to succeed. "we believe that everyone has value.we believe that everyone's created equal.we believe that love trumps hate.we'll make our economy and country more welcoming to people with disabilities. we all win when everyone gets to share in america's promise.the ultimate test of our society is how we treat our fellow human beings, especially those who we have previously left behind.americans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilities—to do the same jobs for the same pay &amp; benefits.we’ve got to build an economy that welcomes people with disabilities, values their work, rewards them fairly, and treats them with respect.over % of adults with disabilities aren’t in the workplace. we have to fix that. rt @hfa: the ada and the notion that workplaces and public spaces belong to everyone was one that democrats and republicans could both get…none of us gets through life alone. we all have to look out for each other and lift each other up.rt @hfa: one of hillary's first jobs out of law school was to find out why kids with disabilities weren't in school. rt @hfa: not that long ago, if you had a disability, it defined your entire life. basic, essential things that others could do, you couldn’…building an inclusive economy is another reason we’ve got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.when we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our future.in america, every person, no matter what you look like or who you are, should have the chance to go as far as your dreams will take you.we need to come together to turn the tide, stop violence, build trust, and give all our kids the chance to grow up safe and healthy.we've also seen the targeting of police officers—but so many serve every day with courage and honor and are committed to reform.we have two names to add to a long list of african americans killed by police officers. it’s unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.live from orlando: watch hillary share her plan for building an inclusive economy that helps everyone get ahead → every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.  keith lamont scott. terence crutcher. too many others. this has got to end. -h"have student debt? planning for college?see how much money hillary's plan would save you: fact: donald trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself. a real headline about the republican nominee: "trump used $, from his charity to settle legal problems." "four months from today, our next president will walk into the oval office.help make sure it's not donald trump: on this day in , tennis champion billie jean king defeated bobby riggs in the “battle of the sexes.” """you can leave this ad muted—there's nothing to hear."" —@nyledimarco help get out the vote for hillary (plus, get a free sticker when you sign up!): trump’s calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. we’re better than this.donald hasn't given his own money to the trump foundation since —but it's still paying his bills. it's time to tell @wellsfargo that wall street works for main street—not the other way around. rt @fahrenthold: new: @realdonaldtrump used more $k+ from his charity to pay off legal settlements of his for-profit businesses.   another unarmed black man was shot in a police incident. this should be intolerable. we have so much work to do. #terencecrutcher -hdonald trump is using his foundation—funded by other people's money—to settle lawsuits. rt @senatorreid: trump cannot be trusted with his own charity, but we are supposed to believe he can manage the nation’s treasury? rt @whitehouse: "our identities do not have to be defined by putting someone else down but can be enhanced by lifting someone else up" —@po…"""the voice of your vote is the greatest voice we have."" —@nyledimarco "rt @hillaryforoh: ""no one has the right to immigrate to this country."" —donald trump during his rally in florida todaywe disagree. catch @fallontonight at :pm et to see letters from some of hillary's biggest fans. "you want to give me a good send-off? go vote.” —barack obama:  nobody in america should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it. barack obama said progress is on the ballot this november. this economic data shows he’s right. america has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems. "everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." —hillary be a voter. check your registration and help your friends do the same →  rt @berniesanders: when @hillaryclinton says she’s going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? that's a ver…let’s make clear that love trumps hate—not just this november, but always. find out how much hillary's college plan will save you:  "the lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: no one gets through life alone." —hillary on her mom when we work together, we will trump hate. rt @hfa: go to  and register to vote today. register your friends. register everyone you know."we have to stand up to this hate.we have to send a clear message: america is better than this.america is better than donald trump."we're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement.in a democracy, if you want to help the greatest number of people, you have to push for reform from both the outside-in and the inside-out.simply caring is not enough. to drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. rt @hfa: no one gets through life alone. we have to look out for each other and lift each other up. rt @hfa: "no one will work harder to make your life better. i’ll never stop, no matter how tough it gets." —hillary "when americans get knocked down, we get right back up again. we refuse to quit—no matter what. that’s the spirit we need in this election."we have a republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we’ve never seen before.college should be tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone: if you work hard, you should be able to find a good job that pays well and lets you do what you love and make your mark on the world.we can build a cleaner, more resilient electrical grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in the country."it’s wrong to tear each other down.it’s wrong to let income inequality get worse.it’s wrong to put a loose cannon in charge."this election isn’t a reality tv show. it shouldn’t be about birth certificates or name-calling or stunts to get on cable news."you want something to vote for, not just against:optimism, not resentment.answers, not anger.ideas, not insults.bridges, not walls."“your generation is the most inclusive, progressive, and entrepreneurial we’ve ever seen.” —hillary to students at @templeuniv days to go. don't miss hillary live from @templeuniv: “i’m hillary clinton and i’ve always approved this message.” “this threat is real, but so is our resolve. americans will not cower. we will prevail.” —hillary rt @revdrbarber: not only is @realdonaldtrump wrong on birtherism, his words and policies are bad for americans alive now and our children…our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face. “what i’ve laid out is a path forward that will keep us safer...and go after the terrorists to finally destroy them" “i’m the only candidate in this race who’s been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. —hillary"let us be vigilant, but not afraid…we choose resolve, not fear. we will not turn on each other or undermine each other.” —hillary"like all americans, my thoughts are with those who were wounded, their families, &amp; our first responders” —hillary on this weekend’s attacksrt @georgetakei: want to do a small part to help defeat trump in november? rt this link and get everyone registered, and confirmed. rt @mic: .@hillaryclinton wrote for us about what millennials have taught her during this election:  "we have got to do everything we can to make sure that hillary clinton is elected president." —@berniesanders grateful for our brave men and women serving in the @usairforce and their families. happy birthday, usaf! congratulations on your emmy, kate! big fan of yours, too. """progress is on the ballot.tolerance is on the ballot.democracy is on the ballot.justice is on the ballot."" next week, hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. chip in now for the chance to be there: rt @timkaine: we've got  days left to win this thing. make sure you're ready:  rt @clintonfdn: fact: the @clintonfdn spends % on its life changing work:  it wasn't so long ago that women faced and took down barriers that can seem ridiculous now.  "i strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in minnesota, new jersey, and new york." joel sollender, wwii veteran and pow, on what it means when he hears trump insult our vets. rt @thebriefing: so, what do the candidates’ foundations do again? rt @berniesanders: when we stand together - as white, black and hispanic, gay and straight, women and men - we trump hate. "read up on your history. it matters. we've got to get people to vote." —@potus:  so what exactly is donald trump hiding from voters? pretty much everything. “we have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be.” —hillary in a normal election, these  things would disqualify trump from becoming president: if you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what @timkaine has to say: as @flotus said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations."we need ideas, not insults. plans, not paranoia.we can’t let @potus's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn’t understand that.""i’m going to close my campaign the way i began my career…focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." —hillarytune in now to watch hillary speak to the @officialcbc: presidential. this year, janelle beat breast cancer with the support of her family, friends, and a presidential candidate. "so how exactly did donald trump build his own bank account?on the backs of american taxpayers: "i want you to know that i see you, and i’m with you." —hillary to the latino community at @chci trump went to flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis—but he just made a spectacle of himself. rt @hillary_esp: este #hispanicheritagemonth, honremos las tantas contribuciones que los hispanos y latinos han hecho a este país. let's be clear: nothing—including an audit—is preventing trump from releasing his tax returns. any of these examples proves that donald trump is unfit to be president. "we’re siding with students and with every american seeking an affordable college degree." —@timkaine rt @berniesanders: when your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. there's only one candidate who will make col…hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. meet aleatha: take it from @flotus: this election is too important to sit out. register to vote:   times donald trump accused hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did: it’s time for donald trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee. it's great to be back on the campaign trail. the brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than donald trump.  things donald trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy: trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what -year-olds call "i know you are, but what am i?" "donald trump has spent years peddling lies about president obama.and that didn't stop today. donald trump spent five years lying about @potus's citizenship. he can’t just take that back. "we deserve a president…who believes that each of us is part of the american story, and we’re always stronger together.” —@flotus“on november , you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change—or not.” —@flotus“the choice that you make on november  will determine whether you can afford college tuition.” —@flotus: “you’ve got to get yourself and everyone you know registered to vote today.” —@flotus: "your decision will determine who sits in the oval office after barack obama.” —@flotus"elections aren't just about who votes, but who doesn't vote." —@flotus: “we have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president.” —@flotus on hillary"hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job, see when she gets knocked down…she gets right back up.” —@flotus"the presidency doesn’t change who you are. it reveals who you are. and the same thing is true of a presidential campaign." —@flotus"when it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a president...we need someone who’s going to take this job seriously.” —@flotus“i am thrilled to be here today to support the next president &amp; vice president of the united states, hillary clinton &amp; tim kaine!” —@flotus.@flotus is on the trail for hillary. tune in to watch her live from virginia: on national prisoners of war remembrance day, a pow shares what it means when trump insults veterans. what trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. apologize to the president, and to the american people.trump’s birtherism stems from the same innate beliefs that led to discriminating against black tenants early in his career. can't be undone.the birther lie is what turned trump from an ordinary reality tv star into a political figure. that origin story can't be unwritten.trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first african american president. he can't just take it back.this shouldn't have to be said: you don’t just get to say someone else did the worst things you’ve done. it doesn’t work. no one buys it.again, trump turns his faults on others. psychologists call it "projecting." kids call it "i'm rubber, you're glue." when trump tries to deflect blame for denying that @potus was born in america, he is lying.  leading the birther movement is deplorable. attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who trump attacked is asinine.expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on @potus's citizenship.what trump just did is a disgrace.rt @timkaine: it's been  years, and trump's still pushing the notion that @potus isn't american. rt @sensanders: my dad was born in poland. do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not i was born in america? nobody ever aske…let’s build a future where love trumps hate. “let’s reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other.”donald trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to ."he looks at a gold star family and sees them as muslims, not patriotic americans.” —hillary on trump"donald trump looks at a distinguished judge born in indiana, and he sees a mexican, not an american.” —hillary"donald trump is unfit to be president.we just can’t accept this.we’ve got to stand up to this.if we don’t, it won’t stop.""barack obama was born in america, plain and simple.donald trump owes him and the american people an apology."just yesterday, trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the united states."we know who donald is. for five years, he has led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president.” —hillary"the next  days will shape the next  years.the future of our children and grandchildren hangs in the balance. "we’ll remember the pain of the mothers of the movement and fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice.” —hillary“the american people deserve something to vote for, not just against.” —hillary "you don't just deserve a seat at the table. it's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting." —hillary to the black women’s agenda"to drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. you need both understanding and action.” —hillary"the good news is that my pneumonia finally got some republicans interested in women’s health.” —hillarywatch hillary speak live at the black women's agenda symposium: remember: trump, the birther-in-chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records. president obama’s successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. period."when i’m under the weather, i can afford to take a few days off. millions of americans can’t." hillary in nc today: the polls are closer than ever, and the stakes couldn't be higher. chip in today.   rt @whitehouse: immigrants aren’t somehow changing the american character; immigrants are the american character. "rt @hillary_esp: “además de defender a dapa y daca, debemos hacer mucho más”—hillary.donald trump still refuses to admit president obama was born in the united states. "trump is running the most divisive campaign of our lifetimes.there’s no innuendo or dog whistles anymore. it’s all out in the open now.""donald trump still refuses to say @potus was born in america. and this man wants to be our president?when will he stop this ugliness?"america is one nation under god, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. not just for people who look or worship a certain way.despite what donald trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals.no child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home."we have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isn’t just the smart thing to do—it’s what the american people demand."supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable child care isn’t a luxury—it’s a necessity."it's wrong when latinos are % of our population and hold only % of its wealth.we've got to connect more latinos with good jobs.""i intend to close my campaign the way i began my career: fighting for kids and families..it will be the passion of my presidency." —hillary"you’re not intruders. you’re our neighbors, our colleagues, our friends, our families...i see you, and i am with you." —hillary to @chci“i believe with all my heart that the american dream is alive, and it’s big enough for everyone to share its promise.” —hillary to @chcihillary’s live at @chci. tune in to hear about her vision for an inclusive america. long overdue, but good to see the senate approve much-needed aid for flint. time for the house to do the same. -h "want to compare hillary and trump on transparency?we stacked up everything they have (or haven't) released. just  days left and we don’t have a minute to lose. text join to  and let’s go win this—together. rt @jorge_silva: celebrating #hispanicheritagemonth with @hillaryclinton's quotes read by @dnclatinos. 🇺🇸 "rt @sengillibrand: love this.""@hillaryclinton has spent her life fighting for children—here are  ways she’s changed their lives."" “this is why i do it and this is who i’m in it for—to make life better for children and families." —hillary "my opponent has america all wrong. there’s nothing we can’t do when we come together as one nation." —hillaryas @flotus said, the choice in this election is about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four years of their lives.we don’t need a president who thinks only married people deserve paid leave and only mothers ever stay home with the kids."people accuse me of all kinds of things—you’ve probably seen that. but nobody ever accuses me of quitting.” —hillary“i have this old-fashioned notion that if you’re running for president, you should say what you’re going to do.” "i’m going to close my campaign the way i began my career...focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families." —hillarythe stakes in this election are as high as any in our lifetimes. "i want to give our kids a safer world...that means a world with strong allies, more friends, fewer enemies, and fewer nuclear weapons.""i learned from my family and my methodist faith that we’re each called to do all the good we can for all the people we can." —hillaryhillary’s running for people who are trying to do hard things and need a helping hand, people like janelle turner. "i’m running for young people like so many of you who dream of changing our world for the better.” —hillaryfor millions of moms and dads, if they get sick, they’re on their own. there’s no backup. "it’s great to be back on the campaign trail.” —hillary in north carolina. watch live: if you're in college—or have a kid who is—find out how much you could save with hillary's college plan: rt @timkaine: people have seen almost  years of tax returns from hillary. one set from trump really isn't too much to ask. "trump gets criticized by a latino judge: calls him a ""disgrace.""a muslim family: he lashes out.a black pastor: rt @evan_mcmullin: an unsurprising nazi reference from the "alt-right" movement's presidential campaign. this is the real trump. let's mark the start of hispanic heritage month by celebrating our country's rich diversity and standing up to bigotry and intolerance. -h"trump on releasing detailed medical records: ""i have no problem in doing so!""he still hasn't released them. rt @tjmshow: .@hillaryclinton stands by @realdonaldtrump running a deplorable campaign.  his comments have been bigoted, mean and untrue.trump's global web of financial and business ties would compromise our national security if he’s elected president. trump's detailed medical records are part of a laundry list of things he's hiding from the american public. proud of you, @simone_biles. we can all learn from your courage in standing up to stigma. when  million americans are facing the same problem, it's a crisis. one candidate has a plan to address it. rt @librarycongress: congratulations to carla hayden, sworn in today as th #librarianofcongress! follow her at @libnofcongress trump's always put his own profits above all—no matter who else gets hurt. why would that change if he's president? rt @sophiabush: this is the america i believe in-beautiful. multifaceted. loving. inclusive. this is why i'm passionate how will trump guarantee that he'll put america's security over his own financial interests? rt @jenniferjjacobs: people are making less real wages than  years ago, trump says in ohio. "me, i’m working harder also so i don’t feel…proud to have you on this team, @stephencurry.  george was scammed out of his savings—his retirement, his kids' college funds—by a real estate "course" at trump u. "hillary's released her medical information and tax returns.we're still waiting for trump to do the same. donald trump's foundation: paying off would-be opponents, stiffing actual charities. rt @rosenbergerlm: hillary applauds the agreement on a new memorandum of understanding regarding u.s. security assistance to israel. “the bottom line is that we can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —@potus rt @twittermoments: hillary clinton has some questions for donald trump after reading that @newsweek article.  questions trump needs to answer on his dangerous foreign business ties—and the national security risks they pose. . it's pretty clear: trump's spent his life unscrupulously looking out for his own wallet above all. why would that change as president?. in sum, how will trump guarantee that if forced to choose between america's security and his own bank account, he won't pick the latter?. we'll let @kurteichenwald ask this one: . will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign, and with whom they met?. you've mentioned ~ foreign deals, including in countries with national security implications. where and with whom are you working?. to what extent are you and your family currently contractually tied to payments from foreign business partners, or governments?. we know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?. how can we know you won't (again) impulsively damage relationships with crucial allies to preserve your own ego? . how can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary, if it would put your interests and profits at risk?. with business ties to politically-connected indian developers, how can you conduct foreign policy that puts the u.s. above your profits?. how did the russian mob boss who ran a criminal organization out of trump tower get a vip pass to your miss universe pageant in moscow?. have you or your campaign discussed u.s.-russian relations with the russian billionaires with whom you've done business?. will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the russian oligarchs you are “close” to?. to what extent would your foreign policy be dictated by potential financial benefits for your business partners? . given that you've already questioned our commitments to nato allies, what is your answer to this? . how can you be tough on iran, given your business partnership with someone connected to iranian money laundering? . if you were willing to work with qaddafi—a known terrorist and dictator—is there anyone you aren't willing to make a deal with? who?. while refusing to release your tax returns, how will you confirm that you do not have dangerous financial ties to bad actors abroad?. how will you handle non-cancelable contractual obligations with parties whose interests conflict with those of the united states?. will you sever ties with your company linked to foreign leaders, questionable organizations, and criminals if you become president?in light of @kurteichenwald's report on the trump organization's dangerous ties, here are  questions that trump needs to answer—now.today's must-read: "almost every foreign policy decision [trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest." rt @kurteichenwald: in @newsweek: a pres trump could not conduct us foreign policy w/o affecting his personal bank account.  rt @kurteichenwald: in @newsweek: trump organization business would place national security at risk, even undermining the war on isis. rt @newsweek: our latest cover story: trump's foreign ties could upend u.s. national security interests  donald trump's foundation allegedly paid off florida's attorney general to prevent an investigation into his fraud. "you don't grade the presidency on a curve." —@potus "if you're serious about our democracy, then you've got to be with her." —@potus on hillary danny williams and his wife leah lost their home after trump university took advantage of them. california made the right call: every worker should be treated with dignity and receive the benefits they've earned. it’s literally right here:  rt @thebriefing: like most of trump’s plans, the details of his paid leave proposal aren't serious. a man’s role in child care, according to donald trump: "how pay-to-play works:. trump faces possible investigation. trump gives $$ to ag. investigation never happens trump and pence's courting of white supremacists isn't a game: it's normalizing racism. and it's deplorable. rt @cnbcopinion: why @hillaryclinton is the best choice to lead the us economy (via @andreajung)  #electionproud to mark  years of the violence against women act. our work isn't done until women in every community are safe from violence."he’s spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could.” —@potus on trump "donald trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president." —@potus "america is not about ‘yes, he will.' it's about ‘yes, we can.'" —@potus: "the bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —@potus on the media’s coverage of donald trump"you don't grade the presidency on a curve. this is serious business.” —@potus"we cannot take this election for granted. we’ve got to fight for this thing.” —@potus: “she knows that love trumps hate.” —@potus on hillary"if you want higher wages, better benefits...then you should be voting for hillary clinton." —@potus: “then there’s the other guy, donald trump. don’t boo, vote!” —@potus: "i believe there has never been a man or woman more qualified than hillary clinton to serve as our president." —@potus“a leader who's got real plans to break down barriers and blast through glass ceilings." —@potus on hillary: "can i just say, i am really into electing hillary clinton. this is not me just going through the motions here.” —@potus"the choice that you make, that we make, just  weeks from today, will determine the direction of this country for a long time.” —@potus"we lifted . million people out of poverty. that's the largest one-year drop in poverty since .” —@potus"even though i have run my last campaign, i am going to work as hard as i can this fall to elect hillary clinton." —@potus"i could not be prouder of the leader we have nominated to take my place.” —@potus on hillarywith just  days until election day, @potus is back out on the trail for hillary in philly. watch live: rt @joebiden: every woman in this country deserves to be free from harm and from fear. proud to celebrate  years of the violence against…as muslims celebrate eid al-adha—a festival of sacrifice, charity, &amp; feeding the poor—let's reflect on those shared values. eid mubarak! -hpay-to-play: the act of making a donation to a politician so they'll help you out. see: donald trump. "it just seems that the economy does better under the democrats than the republicans." —donald trump, march  rt @texasinafrica: .@hillaryclinton's hbcu plan is really smart. addresses so many critical issues around access &amp; debt. i'm impressed. htt… questions we have about the trump foundation (and how donald used it to stop investigations into his fraud): the @ncaa is right to pull tournament games from north carolina because of the anti-lgbt hb law. discrimination has no place in america. -h"trump says ""you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens.""what trump's also said: only one candidate in this race has a plan to tackle these issues. see how her plan would help you: a quick search of trump’s website shows the top mentions of “student debt” and “college” are attacks—not solutions. "student debt and the cost of college are incredibly important.why isn’t donald trump talking about these issues?"student debt is a major drag on our economy, and it's holding people back from moving forward with life. we also need to tackle the student debt crisis and help those like @jbrotherston who have already borrowed. the cost of attending hbcus should never prevent @_bxddxss—or anyone—from attending one:  paying for college doesn't end at tuition, so we need to help students pay for other costs like books and housing. .@sspiderboy's worries are all-too-common. we need to make attending a community college completely tuition free. "we’ll make in-state colleges and universities tuition-free for families making under $,/year.that'll help more than % of families."we need to make college debt-free. you shouldn't have to take out loans (or more drastic measures) to attend college "young people say two things:✓ college is too expensive✓ student debt is crushing themwe’re going to help them: your student debt collector would really like you not to vote for hillary.  the trump foundation: "an arrangement worked out for maximum benefit at minimum sacrifice.” if you won’t say the kkk is deplorable, you have no business running the country. """you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens."" —donald trumpabout that. like anyone who’s ever been home sick from work, i’m just anxious to get back out there. see you on the trail soon. -hthanks to everyone who’s reached out with well wishes! i’m feeling fine and getting better. -h"rt @collegedems: 🎓 tuition📚 books🏡 room and board🍕 foodcollege adds up. @hillaryclinton wants to help you save: "debt shouldn't hold people back from going to college.let's make sure it doesn’t.  "trump's calling for trillion dollar tax cuts for wall street.it's time for them to pay their fair share. rt @clintonfdn: leading charity watchdogs agree: the work of the @clintonfdn earns the highest marks across the board. whether you have student debt or you're preparing for school, see how much our college plan could save you. rt @time: senator tim kaine: "everyone deserves affordable higher education" the reporting on hillary's emails has left the basis of facts and veered into dangerous territory. introducing our college calculator: find out how much hillary's plan could save you or your family on student loans. trump uses his foundation to pay for things with other people's money.  we'll never forget the horror of september , . today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims and responders. -h"trump spent $, of money earmarked for charitable purposes to buy a six-foot-tall painting of himself.” rt @tyleroakley: reading  makes me excited to vote for @hillaryclinton with the next generation in mind 🐣 "the story has vastly exceeded the boundaries of the facts." —@washingtonpost on the reporting on hillary's emails "rt @thebriefing: .@clintonfdn: / stars from @charitynavtrump fdn: fined by the irs for illegal political donationremember: if he becomes president, donald trump would have the u.s. economy in his hands.  rt @fahrenthold: .@realdonaldtrump once used $, of his charity's money to buy a six-foot-tall painting of...himself. rt @usnewsopinion: if donald trump wins, kids lose. except for african americans, muslims, latinos, immigrants, women, veterans—and any so-called "losers" or "dummies." "i won't stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign." —hillary hillary on the faith that drives her: "do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." our next president needs to do everything possible to make life a little easier for working parents. "women are seen through a different lens." —hillary to @humansofny thank you for being so brave, astrid. i’m going to do everything i can to keep families like yours together. -h we can’t let trump’s “manifest unfitness for office” become normal. we need to hold him accountable. when hillary talks about needing more love and kindness in our lives, this is what she means. join @sarahemcbride and activists across the country in supporting lgbt rights this november: at the  dnc, @hrc press secretary @sarahemcbride became the first openly trans person to speak at a convention. appalling behavior from wells fargo. this is exactly why we need a strong @cfpb—and can't let trump dismantle it. "let's send donald trump a powerful message on election day.  #lovetrumpshate women like elaine served our country and blazed a trail for others to follow. they've earned our highest honors. north korea’s decision to conduct another nuclear test is outrageous and unacceptable. watch live as @elizabethforma campaigns for hillary in philadelphia →  if you want to see what corruption actually looks like, this is it.  this is what a comprehensive (not "secret") counterterrorism plan looks like. we can only confront a challenge like zika when we come together. it's time for republicans to fund this fight:  -hif you've ever wondered what hillary's like as a friend, you could ask janelle. making the wrong choice on climate change would be a disaster for our kids and grandkids. the next time trump throws a tantrum, picture him in the situation room making life-or-death decisions for us. the most important quality in a president and commander-in-chief is steadiness—an absolute, rock solid steadiness. unlike trump's, this plan to defeat isis isn’t a “secret.” we need a president who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly. we need a president who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone."everyone here...has stumbled on their own stony roads. it’s grace that lifts us up, grace that leads us home.” —hillary to the @nbcusa_inc"humility is not something you hear much about in politics, is it? but we should. none of us is perfect." —hillary"do all the good you can,for all the people you can,in all the ways you can,for as long as you can. "this election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines.make sure your friends are registered to vote. "let's beat back the assault on voting rights—a blast from the jim crow past that must be stopped.we should expand voting rights instead."every child should be able to live up to their god-given potential, no matter where they come from, what they look like, or who they love.together, we’ll face head-on the reality of systemic racism and work to reform our criminal justice system. rosa parks opened up every seat on the bus—now it’s our job to create more good jobs so everyone can afford the fare.none of us can sit back while the epidemic of gun violence ravages our country. we have to work together to make sure every child has clean water to drink and air to breathe and good schools, no matter their zip code."thank you for loving all people, especially 'the least, the last, and the lost' among us." —hillary to the @nbcusa_incanyone who looks at the african american community and sees only poverty, crime, and despair is missing so much. hillary’s talking to @nbcusa_inc about her faith live in kansas city. watch here: rt @timkaine: when it comes to mental health, help should be focused on treatment, not judgment.  ways donald trump proved he’s not ready to be commander-in-chief (in less than  minutes): hillary chats favorite books, handling criticism, and life on the trail in episode  of with her. listen here 🎧 : rt @hillary_esp: hillary cree que la verdadera fuerza se encuentra en lo que hacemos por los demás. vea nuestro nuevo anuncio. at last night's forum, trump disrespected our generals, our country, and women in the military—but he praised putin. we can build a future where we’re stronger together. that’s who we are as americans. text join to  to get involved."as your commander-in-chief, i will not trash our country’s most cherished values. i will defend them.” —hillarywe’re going to guarantee equal pay for women. it is long overdue. what’s the best way to stand up for voting rights? get registered: hillary’s speaking in north carolina on her vision to build an economy that works for everyone. tune in: rt @businessinsider: hillary clinton is supporting a bill that would protect benefits for former coal miners  before hillary, the last democrat the @dallasnews endorsed was fdr: rt @mikereedschmidt: the house should reject h.r. , which rolls back important rules on wall street money managers and puts workers’ re…rt @nowthisnews: donald trump "absolutely" stands behind his horrible  tweet about sexual assault in the military "last night, trump chose to talk about his deep admiration and support for putin.maybe he did it with a smile. the next time donald trump throws a temper tantrum, imagine if he had the nuclear codes. “i love this country. i will serve it with my entire heart, mind, and soul.” —hillary on the tarmac to reportersthere's only one candidate in this election who's ready to be america's commander-in-chief. imagine this man in charge of our men and women in uniform. rt @voxdotcom: trump to matt lauer on iraq: "i was totally against the war." here's proof trump is lying:  actually, that’s just what taking the office of president seriously looks like. "rt @brianefallon: trump's unpresidential trifecta tonight:. attack our generals. praise putin. blame women in combat for sexual assau…"rt @thebriefing: trump tried to prove he'd be fit to serve as president...by comparing @potus unfavorably to putin. #nbcnewsforum rt @morningmoneyben: i really can't believe i just saw a republican nominee for president heap praise on a thuggish russian leader while de…"donald trump is unqualified and totally unfit to be commander-in-chief.you can stop him. register to vote today: text qualified to  if you agree there was only one candidate tonight who showed she's ready to be the next president."donald trump could be our next commander-in-chief.chip in to make sure it never happens:  #nbcnewsforum""it is a correct tweet." —donald trump, just now #nbcnewsforum  "rt @thebriefing: donald trump's super secret plan to fight isis is still a super secret. #nbcnewsforum rt @hillaryclinton: a man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be commander-in-chief. the worst part is, this isn’t the first time donald trump has praised russia and putin. #nbcnewsforum rt @hillary_esp: no todas las heridas son visibles. los veteranos merecen el mejor cuidado de salud mental disponible. #nbcnewsforum "“i have a very good brain.” —donald trump on his foreign policy advisors(himself.) rt @buzzfeed: in , donald trump said he supported invading iraq  "tonight, trump is going to try and claim he's ready to be commander-in-chief. the facts say otherwise. follow @thebriefing to see why."not every wound can be seen. our veterans deserve the best mental health services we can give. #nbcnewsforum rt @thebriefing: unlike her opponent, hillary's plan to defeat isis is not a secret. #nbcnewsforum we need to do everything we can to remove barriers to the health care our veterans need—whether physical or mental. #nbcnewsforum"i will not let the va be privatized." —hillary  #nbcnewsforumhillary has spent decades fighting for veterans, members of the military, and their families.  #nbcnewsforumour next commander-in-chief needs to have the steadiness, strength, and judgment to make life and death decisions. it takes experience, toughness, and a steady temperament to be our commander-in-chief. #nbcnewsforum donald trump has proven over and over again that he's unfit to be our commander-in-chief. rt @timkaine: a person who trash talks our own military should never set foot in the oval office. rt @hfa: "we must be a force for unity in america, for a vision that includes all of us." —gen. john allen at the dnc rt @thebriefing: trump's pay-to-play scandal revolves around the trump u scam which preyed on people like this military family. "tonight, americans will hear what trump would do as commander-in-chief.here are  reasons he's unfit for the job: a man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. rt @timkaine: rt if you believe donald trump's actions speak louder than his empty words. a man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be commander-in-chief. "the u.s. presidency isn't an entry-level job.how hillary's time as our secretary of state shows she's ready: did trump use his charitable foundation to prevent a state attorney general from investigating his fraud? .@potus, @madeleine, and leon panetta agree: hillary's one of the best secretaries of state we've had. "rt @hfa: . download our app. complete daily challenges. elect the next presidentwe can't afford a president who would sabotage our efforts to fight climate change. rt @hillary_esp: "hillary tiene la experiencia y confío en ella...para mí, primero país"— exsecretario republicano de comercio. donald trump doesn't "know why" african americans would be offended that he pushed the "birther" conspiracy: when our seals took out bin laden, they brought the terrorists' families to safety first. that's american honor. the @dallasnews hasn't endorsed a democrat for president since before wwii. here's why it's endorsing hillary: world leaders on why hillary's tenure as secretary of state prepared her to be president: rt @dallasnews: we recommend @hillaryclinton for u.s. president  """i know more about isis than the generals do."" —donald trumpno, you don't. if donald trump doesn't show all americans the respect they deserve, he doesn't deserve to be their president. enter to win a signed copy of hillary and tim's new book! "i think i've made a lot of sacrifices." —trump's response to the parents of humayun khan, who died serving in iraq we should be helping more immigrant families stay together, not tearing them apart. rt @sarajacobs: gop cares more about defunding @ppfa and protecting the confederate flag than protecting millions from zika: "clinton’s proposals would revolutionize how we treat young children in america.” donald trump has a problem looking at someone different from himself and actually seeing them. "we can take on the threat of climate change and make america a clean energy superpower.or, we can do nothing. vote this year like your future depends on it—because it does: "i call on all republicans to put people before politics and finally vote on a clean funding bill to fight zika right here in florida."donald trump is totally unfit and unqualified to be president of the united states: "trump says he “knows more about isis than the generals do.”not only is that wrong, it's disrespectful to our men and women in uniform.""right now, too many americans are being held back by student debt.we’ve got to fix that: anybody working full-time should not be living in poverty. it’s time to raise the minimum wage. "in america, we don't say, “i alone can fix it.”we say, ""we'll fix it together.” we’re going to make our economy grow, but we’re also going to make it fair. here’s how: "i want to be a president for all americans, not just for some americans; democrats, republicans, independents." —hillarythe stakes in this campaign couldn’t be higher. make sure you’re registered to vote: " days left.watch live as hillary hits the trail in tampa → only one candidate in this race is standing up for working families. take a look: our veterans and military families deserve better. "today, we'll hear trump talk about our veterans.our new ad on what they've been hearing from trump for months: rt @timkaine: stronger together. "the essence of his campaign is bigotry." —@berniesanders on donald trump in new hampshire unions have had the backs of working families for decades. now they need to know we have theirs. rt @thebriefing: while the clinton foundation receives high marks, trump's is fined for a pay-to-play scheme  ht…rt @lizromanoff:  years ago @hillaryclinton's speech pushed the political discourse and forced a global dialogue on gender equality "human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights." —hillary in beijing,  years ago today sec. of labor frances perkins was our first woman cabinet member and an architect of the fair labor standards act. one candidate would stand up for workers and their families. the other? not so much. unions gave us higher wages, weekends, and the largest middle class in the world. that's worth celebrating &amp; protecting. happy #laborday! -h.@iamwill yes. unions stand up for workers who need someone to have their backs. we need a president who will do the same. if you're a fan of weekends, thank a union member. rt @timkaine: we need better community resources for the  in  college-aged students facing mental health challenges. there's going to be no one left in washington for trump to work with who he hasn’t insulted. rt @slate: hillary clinton has a quietly bold idea to stop drug price spikes:  astonishing that the republican nominee still refuses to acknowledge that @potus was born in the united states. we have a new @tumblr! check out letters to hillary from americans around the country at  "that’s a special thing about hillary—when there’s a job worth doing, she doesn’t abandon it." —president carter thanks, @potus, for reaffirming the law to protect women's health—whichever provider you choose. even before his hateful speech this week, trump has never been vague about his feelings toward immigrants. "a reminder as america officially joins the paris climate agreement.we can’t stop there:  rt @johnpodesta: hillary will deliver on paris &amp; go further to cut emissions, build renewable energy to power every home in america. "our planet's future depends on the decisions we make now.rt if you agree it's time to combat climate change. rt @timkaine: there's no higher calling than service to others. donald trump's pattern of prejudice and discrimination started long before he was a presidential candidate. donald trump's plan on immigration has been clear all along: demonize immigrants, "build a wall," deport millions. america needs leadership in the white house, not a liability.  "when ruline was born in , women couldn't vote.in , she'll cast her vote to elect the st woman president. drug companies should never put profits before patients. our plan to stop excessive prescription drug price hikes: trump and his hateful language are affecting our kids. these are some of the heartbreaking things they're saying: rt @americasvoice: .@davidleopold: "trump laid out the most hardline, mean spirited immigration proposal in u.s. history." the worst part is, trump's disturbing policies for immigrant families go way beyond just "building a wall." "as a candidate, trump has already embarrassed us on the world stage.imagine the damage he'd do as president. rt @reuterspolitics: clinton announces plan to address 'unjustified' price hikes on life-saving drugs the disastrous mexico wall trip: a case study in the trump school of diplomacy. "so, how did donald trump's first swing at diplomacy go? not so great.try to follow his decision-making process: rt @timkaine: donald trump's immigration plan makes it clear that he's more interested in dividing us than uniting us. turns out, hosting miss universe pageants abroad doesn't equate to diplomatic skills. rt @joebiden: folks, we've got to elect @hillaryclinton and take back the senate. let's roll up our sleeves and get to work. -joe it took donald trump exactly one foreign policy trip to get rebuked by a leader of an ally nation. if trump needs help with diplomacy, he could learn a lot from our last secretary of state. born sept. , , former tx gov. ann richards opened doors for women and minorities in her own state and beyond. rt @timkaine: this election is about looking in the mirror. do we see a nation that respects people or divides people? "there will be no softening whatsoever." —the @washingtonpost on trump's most alarming immigration speech yet this choice couldn't be starker. "trump, the self-proclaimed tough negotiator, not only choked but openly lied about choking." "he’s causing nations to wonder if we’ll actually keep our word.” —@joebiden on donald trump: rt @joebiden: "the neighborhood you come from is where your character is etched. where your values are set." -vp biden rt @joebiden: "[trump] was born with a silver spoon in his mouth that he's now choking on because his foot's in his mouth along with the sp…"i'm so sick and tired of people like trump...saying we get 'paid too much.'" —@joebiden in ohio: rt @joebiden: we're fighting for the middle-class workers who make america great. follow along as vp biden is back in ohio today. tune in now to watch @joebiden hit the trail for hillary in ohio: rt @clintonfdn: proud to be rated four stars by @charitynav for our impact, transparency, and the quality of our work: trump's extreme immigration speech got rave reviews—from white supremacists, the alt-right, and ann coulter. donald trump could actually be our next president. chip in before midnight to make sure that never happens: there is no other donald trump. this is it. we are not going to criminalize, profile, round up, and deport  million people. trump just failed his first foreign test. diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -ha wall that mexico will pay for: a bad idea from an even worse negotiator. rt @hillary_esp: "nunca les mentiré" —donald trump, el  de agosto de . rt @hillaryforaz: there’s an old mexican proverb that says, “tell me with whom you walk, and i will tell you who you are.” "it turns out trump didn't just choke, he got beat in the room and lied about it." —@johnpodesta “i will never lie to you.” —donald trump, august ,  great news for north carolinians. let's make voting easier so every voice in our democracy can be heard. -h trump has vilified mexicans and immigrants since day one of his campaign. that's not what america stands for. rt @thebriefing: "i happen to have a tremendous feeling for mexican americans.” —donald trump, august ,   rt @hillary_esp: el plan de trump sobre inmigración ha sido claro: demonizar inmigrantes, "construir la muralla", deportar millones. "we are building a wall. he's a mexican!” —donald trump, june ,  as trump meets with president peña nieto, a helpful refresher on some of the things he’s said about mexico: rt @hfa: when trump talks about his mass deportation plan, he's talking about breaking up families like karla's. rt @timkaine: in america, our shared values make us stronger. we can't let trump tear down everything we stand for. """they have to go.""trump has been perfectly clear about his intentions for millions of immigrants. our veterans deserve our thanks. you deserve a country that honors your service, not just with words but with deeds.  gop national security experts said they will not vote for trump because he would be “the most reckless president in american history.”too many veterans and their families aren’t getting the mental health services they need. our plan to fix that: "i will never, ever disrespect gold star families who’ve made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation or prisoners of war.” —hillarythe last thing we need is a president who brings more name-calling and temper tantrums to washington."i completely reject anyone, including my opponent, who calls the american military a 'disaster.'" —hillary to the @americanlegion"we can’t cozy up to dictators; we have to stand up to them.we can’t contain isis; we must defeat it. and we will."getting countries to work together takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults by dropping in for a few hours, then flying home.american leadership means standing with our allies, because our network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional.“no matter how great the challenge, america must lead.” —hillary to the @americanlegion .@govchristie, vetoing a minimum wage increase is a blow to working families. no one who works full-time should have to live in poverty. -hwe're still . million away from reaching our august fundraising goal. chip in by midnight and get a free sticker: rt this if you agree. a big, beautiful list of literally every tweet donald trump has sent about mexico over the last two years. "from the first days of his campaign, donald trump has painted mexicans as 'rapists' and criminals." what you need to know about the "alt-right" and @realdonaldtrump's connections to white supremacy and hate groups: rt @timkaine: it’s time to come clean, donald. release your tax returns. explain your business interests.  trump loves his "make america great again" hat a lot for a guy who outsourced jobs to  different countries. "trump's plan:. round up and deport every single undocumented immigrant. build a concrete wallan alternative: % of adults experiencing mental health illnesses are untreated. it's time to close the treatment gap. eight reasons why you shouldn't need a four-year degree to have a successful career: the @clintonfdn is saving lives around the world. rt @sarasolow: universal broadband, g wireless, cs ed for all, open internet-- all in @hillaryclinton's "wonkiest ever" tech plan. mike pence’s governorship has been devastating to indiana women. just ask one of them: we're facing the highest suicide rate in  years. let's make sure every family can access mental health treatment. give the trump family a huge tax cut or take care of our veterans? not a hard choice.  big victory from the @nlrb for workers' right to organize for fair wages and benefits.  it's time to finally put access to care for mental health on par with physical health. the choice in november: a president with real plans to combat climate change—or one who calls it a hoax. rt @jamilsmith: clinton today released a “sweeping agenda” to address america’s mental health problem, per @nickgass. rt @yahoonews: hillary clinton proposes plan to address mental health treatment  "donald trump: make ________bangladeshchinaindiaindonesiavietnammexicosloveniagreat again? qumber's parents came to this country for the american dream. trump is a threat to all they've achieved: too many americans living with mental illness have been left to face it on their own.  rt @joebiden: joe and hillary went home to scranton. take a behind-the-scenes look at their visit: rt @zerlinamaxwell: &gt;&gt; trump keeps lying about crime in america. this is the truth.  "trump talks about enacting extreme policy ideas that hurt americans. his vp pick has actually done it. rt @jorge_silva: mi méxico, and the world, lost a great singer, songwriter and human being. #rip #juangabriel. #divodejuarez charity watch called the @clintonfdn "one of the great humanitarian charities of our generation." rt @emilyslist: back when she was new york's senator, @hillaryclinton fought political attacks on access to emergency contraception: "dear donald: you can't make america great again when you don't make things in america.we have some questions about this letter from donald trump's doctor. trump's housing company would mark black renters' applications with a "c" for "colored"—then reject them. "the right to vote is still the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have." —@repjohnlewis rt @repjohnlewis:  years ago today, we marched on washington for jobs and freedom. #goodtrouble "we're stronger together—and the diversity of our athletes in rio proved it.when trump was starting in business, he was sued by the justice department for refusing to rent to black tenants.  years ago, dr. king told us his dream. today, let's recommit ourselves to the march toward equality for all.  -h"hillary's small business plan:✓ cut paperwork✓ improve funding access✓ save businesses $ rt @hillaryforut: hate is not welcome in our homes. we shouldn't welcome it into the white house. #strongertogether families across america are feeling the strain from prescription drug price-gouging. here's how we'll take this on: rt @yamiche: a must read today: the nyt digs deep into donald trump and his father's history of denying housing to blacks. rt @hillaryforga: if trump doesn’t see all americans or respect all americans, how can he serve all americans? #strongertogether helping small businesses succeed is about more than policy—it's personal.  "you can learn a lot about a person by the company they keep.here's some of the company trump keeps: rt @thebriefing: it's women's equality day. donald trump can't say he treats women with respect happy national dog day! "making it easier to live the american dream means making it easier to start and grow a small business."daughter, business owner, and immigrant: meet luisa—chaser of the american dream.happy #womensequalityday from @realdonaldtrump. "so what has the @clintonfdn been up to? helping millions of people get more affordable medicine to treat hiv/aids.rt @potus: nearly  years ago, women broke down barriers to the ballot box, moving us closer to a more equal nation. let's finish what th…rt @tyleroakley: "human rights are women’s rights &amp; women’s rights are human rights." - @hillaryclinton #womensequalityday 👸🏽👸🏿👸🏻👸🏾👸🏼 yes, @realdonaldtrump really did say all of these hateful things. on #womensequalityday, celebrate your right to vote by making sure you're ready to exercise it: even as we celebrate the th amendment, remember the struggle for voting rights continued for women of color. that fight continues today.on this day in , the th amendment was adopted and many women won the right to vote. let's break more ceilings. "we've made our union more perfect because people refused to be kept on the sidelines. onward. #womensequalitydaycountless women fought to win the right to vote. on the anniversary of the th amendment's adoption, let's recommit to protecting it. -hrt @morning_joe: .@hillaryclinton: from the start, trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia republican leaders should take a look at who they're standing with. donald trump’s campaign of prejudice and paranoia is unlike anything we’ve seen—and it’s profoundly dangerous. "trump's bigoted rhetoric and policy proposals aren't a dog whistle. we hear him loud and clear."rt @hfa: enjoying a quiet moment at @grandtetonnps back in .happy #nps! it's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support trump. trump asked what the african american community has to lose by voting for him. @marlondmarshall's response: @lesdoggg, no one deserves this—least of all someone who brings us so much joy. i'm with you. -htrump says he wants to "make america great again," but his real message remains “make america hate again.” rt @thebriefing: let this sink in. to hate groups, trump's language doesn't come across as coded. "this election is too important for anyone to sit out.text join to  or go to  let’s go win this, together."our rising generation of young americans is the most open, diverse, and connected we’ve ever seen."every day, more americans are standing up and saying 'enough is enough'—including a lot of republicans. i’m honored to have their support."in , john mccain told his own supporters that barack obama is an american citizen and "a decent person."the week after /, george w. bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that muslims 'love america just as much as i do.' years ago, when bob dole accepted the republican nomination, he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the party to get out."there’s an old mexican proverb that says “tell me with whom you walk, and i will tell you who you are.”we know who trump is."a fringe element has effectively taken over trump’s campaign and the republican party. trump hired the head of breitbart "news" to be ceo of his campaign. here's a sample of their work: trump likes to say he only hires the "best people," but he’s had to fire so many campaign managers it’s like an episode of the apprentice.trump would ban every muslim around the world—. billion men, women, and children—from entering the u.s. just because of their religion.trump would abolish this bedrock constitutional principle: if you’re born in the u.s., you’re an american citizen. trump would form an armed deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country. look at the policies trump has proposed—they would put prejudice into practice. donald trump is temperamentally unfit to be president of the united states.someone as detached from reality as donald trump should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come."trump suggested that ted cruz’s father was involved in the kennedy assassination.of course there’s absolutely no evidence of that.""trump claimed that thousands of american muslims in new jersey cheered the / attacks.they didn’t. when donald trump was asked about anti-semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them.trump refused to disavow the support of david duke, a notorious former leader of the ku klux klan. trump famously posted an anti-semitic graphic that first appeared on a white supremacist website. trump retweets white supremacists. he took a fringe bigot and spread his message to  million people. if donald trump doesn’t respect all americans, how can he serve all americans? in , trump launched his own campaign for president by describing mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals. trump first gained political prominence promoting the racist lie that president obama isn’t really an american. state regulators fined one of trump’s casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor.when trump was getting his start in business, he was sued by the justice dept. for refusing to rent apartments to black and latino tenants.trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.donald trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. he’s taking hate groups mainstream."everywhere i go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election." —hillarylive from reno: hillary discusses why @realdonaldtrump's divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future → longtime ku klux klan leader david duke supports donald trump because they share so many of the same values. america has a lot to lose by electing trump. but there’s one group in particular who has everything to gain. "why do so many ku klux klan members support trump?""a lot of what he believes, we believe in."" thank you to the orlando health and florida hospital for showing empathy and kindness in the face of hate. -h "there's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting donald trump.rt @johnpodesta: america's best idea  years ago is still our best idea today. happy birthday to the @natlparkservice. #nps "he is taking a hate movement mainstream. he has brought it into his campaign." —hillary to @andersoncooper on trumprt @hfa: what's your volunteer personality type? take our quiz for personalized recommendations on how to help elect hillary:  things you can do *today* to help elect hillary: fact: the @clintonfdn helps . million people with hiv/aids worldwide get their medication. rt @sarajacobs: .@hillaryclinton announced a new public health fund to fight pandemics like zika and keep american families safe thinking about the people of both italy and myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. my heart goes out to the victims’ families. -hindiana organizer hillary rodham in . join her team:  rt @paulbegala: before @clintinfdn, k people with hiv aids in poor countries got lifesaving anti-retroviral meds. because of @clintonfdn…epipens can be the difference between life and death. there's no justification for these price hikes.  -ha message from hillary to young women everywhere:  it's hfa volunteer day, and we're looking for , volunteers. help us get there—find your friends on facebook: "rt @timkaine: we're going to fight for the aca so kids like jude aren't ever turned away because of a pre-existing condition."""no matter how daunting the odds, she never—ever—quits. that is the hillary i know."" —@potusrt @jtimberlake: look who did come over for lunch... wow. #imwithher why would we give trump's family a $ billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix , bridges? rt @usps: this fall, usps will honor joyous hindu festival of #diwali with a forever® stamp!  "the gender wage gap is even wider for women of color.it's time to ensure equal pay. #blackwomensequalpay rt @mariatcardona: david duke’s show cheers trump-breitbart merger: “we appear to have taken over the republican party” rt @whitehouse: "what i want the people of louisiana to know is this—you’re not alone."—@potus in baton rouge:  #laf…small businesses are the backbone of our economy. we should focus on supporting them—not stiffing them. "rt @hillary_esp: escuchamos claramente los comentarios de trump demonizando a los inmigrantes la primera vez, la segunda, tercera...on average, it takes black women until today to catch up to white men's  earnings. time to close the pay gap. rt @rhettbuttle: when it comes to #smallbiz, it's personal for @hillaryclinton. lessons from her dad help inspire plan: "we heard trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. and the second, third, fourth ...tune in to watch hillary on @jimmykimmellive, : et/: ct. donald trump's economic plan is rigged so rich people like him get tax cuts at the expense of everybody else. rt @timkaine: you can't have the best military unless folks pay their fair share in taxes, donald. have a beer with @timkaine in the second episode of with her, the official campaign podcast. listen here: the stories behind some of the history-making women of @teamusa.  “if i have the opportunity, i’ll do whatever i can to make things a little easier for you." —hillary to young women cheryl lost her husband in iraq. then trump's company targeted her and scammed her out of $,. in times of crisis, america depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, and calm judgment. rt @refinery: read more of @hillaryclinton's message to young women here:  rt @hillaryformi: michigan is on the front lines of a manufacturing renaissance. hillary saw it herself at futuramics in warren. rt @mpshapiro: trump's new "king of debt" tax shelter means negative tax rates - meaning taxpayers pay him for high-debt projects: .@timkaine takes the mic in the latest episode of with her, the official campaign podcast. subscribe &amp; listen here: "one wrong move can be the difference between life and death when you're president.the best way to help louisianans affected by terrible flooding is to make sure they have the resources they need: """everything i say i'm going to do, folks, i do."" —@realdonaldtrumphere's why that's a disaster for our economy: this week, donald trump made a shockingly ignorant pitch to african american voters. “her mastery of issues and detail is unlike any politician i’ve met." —@wired's editor-in-chief on hillary "hillary met with miami doctors to discuss the public health challenge of treating and preventing zika.rt @thebriefing: donald trump claims he surrounds himself with the greatest people. check out his choice for campaign chief. congrats to flint, michigan's @claressashields on her second olympic gold medal for @teamusa. donald trump’s new message to african american voters isn’t just inaccurate. it’s outrageous. "if you were president, how would you spend $ billion?  (one guess as to trump's answer: there is so much more that unites us than divides us. that's why we're the greatest country on earth. this lifelong republican wrote a letter to his daughter about why he's voting for hillary this november: it's too late now to say sorry, donald. if you dream it, you should be able to build it.  this choice is pretty straightforward.  donald trump has shown us who he is. we should believe him. trump’s tax plan could give his own family a $ billion tax break. here's what we could do with that money instead: rt @deadspin: "we don't win anymore." let's send donald trump a message in november: we're not going back. """i don't regret anything."" —donald trump, august , this week, donald trump suddenly tried to claim that he has some "regrets." about that... trump says he hires the best people. this is what he means: rt @marlondmarshall: trump painting the entire african american community as living in poverty with no jobs shows he's completely out of to…rt @marlondmarshall: trump questions the citizenship of the first black president, courts white supremacists, and has been sued for housing…rt @marlondmarshall: donald trump asks what the african american community has to lose by voting for him. the answer: everything.rt @mayaharris_: there are no words.  this is so ignorant it’s staggering. when the ioc introduced women's wrestling in , @helen_maroulis dreamed of gold. yesterday that dream came true. rt @rosenbergerlm: when bombs rain down, they rush in. inspired by the white helmets &amp; others helping those in need worldwide.  #whd so who exactly is advising trump on foreign policy? today is @billclinton's birthday! it's not too late to sign his card here: "why do trump and putin keep saying all the same things? (hint: it's not manafort.)the flooding in louisiana is worse than anyone expected, and they need our support. here's how you can help: rt @maddowblog: clinton and trump are confirmed to participate in a "commander-in-chief" forum with @iava on @msnbc september th  years later, i couldn’t be happier to have you by my side. happy birthday, bill! -h priorities.  "rt @andradaymusic: i was honored to be a part of history at the dnc. hillary clinton is an inspiration for women everywhere.rt @mayaharris_: hillary’s college plan will bring about a long-awaited transformation of higher education in america. here's how: rt @sarajacobs: news from miami beach highlighting urgency of the zika crisis, a public health emergency. congress needs to act now. congrats to @usatf's @bri_rollin, @itspooda, and @kristihollywood on their historic podium sweep last night. glad to see that the justice department is ending the use of private prisons. this is the right step forward. -h rt @meredeetch: even after the th was ratified, women of color battled to get to vote. #rosanelleaton had to take a literacy test. donald trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. doing so could save his family $ billion and .% of families $. "donald trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office. now? ""it's none of your business.""rt @timkaine: hillary's first job was fighting for social justice at @childdefender—it's one of the things i admire most about her "@wired sees only one person running for president who can do the job: hillary clinton." don't waste it. make sure you're registered to vote:  donald trump's plan: a multi-billion dollar tax cut for himself and the wealthiest americans we know that giving millionaires huge tax breaks doesn't help our economy. so why would we try it again, donald? does trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? until he releases his tax returns, voters won't know for sure. rt @wired: .@hillaryclinton is the best choice for president of the united states:  at the  olympic games, jackie joyner-kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for @teamusa. let’s make sure it does on election day →  trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, and he's got a new campaign chief to match. donald trump just hired the head of an extreme, right-wing "news" organization to run his campaign. we can't let @realdonaldtrump become our next president.  trump boasts the support of some of the most extreme voices in politics. now one of them runs his campaign: "rt @hfa: hillary has concrete plans to help america succeed.trump would...build a wall.  with just  days until election day, trump hired one of the most extreme right-wing voices to run his campaign. rt @thebriefing: trump’s new campaign chief is also the guy responsible for running this fringe "news" site: donald trump is still the same man who insults gold star families, demeans women, and mocks people with disabilities.the trump loophole would let millionaires cut their tax rates in half and do nothing for .% of americans. the choice on jobs in this election (it’s not a hard one).  if you do your job, you’re supposed to be rewarded for your work, not stiffed. we’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top. too many families are feeling financial stress.watch live: hillary’s speaking in cleveland about building an economy that works for everyone → one candidate would help millions of hardworking americans. the other would only help those at the top. today, @simone_biles landed a spot in history as the first woman from @usagym to win  golds. well done, simone! if you were born between  and , hillary has big plans to help you. "trump's idea for a new immigration test: ""those who...support bigotry and hatred will not be admitted.""awkward. closely monitoring the flooding in louisiana &amp; mississippi. the @redcross is helping displaced families in need:  -h"""this man is totally, thoroughly unqualified to be president."" —@joebiden on @realdonaldtrumplast night, @allysonfelix won her th olympic medal. congrats to the most decorated woman in the history of @usatf! it’s not just that trump doesn’t know what he’s talking about when it comes to national security. his words are dangerous, and they hurt us.be a part of this: get registered to vote, and ask everyone you know to register, too. “@teamusa is showing the world what this country stands for. i am proud of our team." —hillary in philadelphia: you should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it. rt @teenvogue: "by harnessing your energy and ideas, we can solve many of the problems we face." — @hillaryclinton trump's top adviser was designated $. million from pro-russia forces in ukraine. that's the tip of the iceberg. "donald trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants.it's a test he'd fail.both candidates have laid out economic plans. see how each would impact your state: vice president @joebiden had the keys to our instagram today. check it out:  "the place of your birth should never be a barrier." a letter to young undocumented people on daca's anniversary: rt @thebriefing: “he is a stunning ignoramus on foreign policy and national security.” "the story of the rodhams and the bidens isn't unique. what's unique is the country where those stories were written.rt @hillaryforco: on the fourth anniversary of #daca, juan remembers that "glass ceiling-shattering moment"→ we have some questions about donald trump's cozy relationship with russia. whenever you hear trump talk about foreign policy, picture him in the situation room making decisions for all of us. you oppose reproductive rights, support "conversion therapy," and proposed a muslim ban. rt @igorvolsky: i bet trump himself would fail his new immigration screening test of american values. #extremevetting rt @thebriefing: in case you needed a reminder that donald trump doesn’t know a thing about national security. rt @politifact: icymi: donald trump is against gay marriage. "trump's candidacy alone is undermining our national security.imagine if he were to become president. rt @joebiden: "it is never, never, never ever been a good bet to bet against the united states of america." -vp biden“she’s strong. she’s respected. she’s admired. there’s nothing that she doesn’t understand about america’s place in the world." —@joebiden"it’s a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda.” —@joebiden on trump’s foreign policy rhetoric"trump’s ideas are not only profoundly wrong, they’re dangerous and they’re very un-american.” —@joebiden "donald trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country.” —@joebiden“this guy doesn’t care about the middle class...he doesn’t understand it. he doesn’t have a clue.” —@joebiden on donald trump“there’s only one person in this election who will...help you, and that is hillary clinton.” —@joebidenrt @joebiden: "everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect... and america can be defined in one single word — 'possibilitie…"what hillary’s all about is making sure every one of you…can look your child in the eye and say…everything is gonna be ok.” —@joebiden“no one is more worthy than you, and everyone is your equal.” —@joebiden"home is where your character is stamped, where it’s stamped into your soul. where your values are set.” —@joebiden“as scranton has always had my back, we—all of us—are going to have your back, hillary.” —@joebiden"take out your phone and text join to .we’re hiring organizers right here in pennsylvania and across the country."there’s no doubt about it—donald trump is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the united states."a man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons.” —hillary on @realdonaldtrump"trump says he won’t tell anyone what he’ll do about isis because he wants to keep his plan “secret.”well, the secret is he has no plan."providing a “trump kids club” for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers.under trump's child care plan, hardworking families that can’t afford child care in the first place would get little to no real help.trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. it would save the trump family $ billion, but it would do nothing for .% of americans.trump's called for a new tax loophole—the trump loophole. he'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies.donald trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and wall street money managers.we’re going to make college debt-free for all and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt: "under @potus and @joebiden:✓ our businesses created  million new jobs.✓  million people have health care.no matter what donald trump says, america is great, and the american dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise."no matter where life takes me i always remember i am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner."joe is now leading a new cancer moonshot initiative to fund breakthroughs and save lives in honor of his son beau. joe passionately believes in the basic bargain that makes america great—that our economy should work for everyone—not just those at the top."no matter how far he travels, @joebiden never forgets where he’s from." —hillary in scranton .@joebiden’s hitting the trail with hillary in scranton, folks. tune in now:  four years in, daca has helped more than , undocumented people to live without fear. let's build on it: if donald trump becomes president, he'll game america's whole tax system to make himself richer. seriously. "trump says, ""i know more about isis than the generals do, believe me."" you know what? we don't.the senseless murders of imam maulama akonjee and thara uddin are heartbreaking. this kind of heinous act has no place in america. -hno family should have to spend more than % of its income on quality child care.  yesterday, @shotdiva made olympic history with her gold medal in women's shot put (@teamusa's first!). well said, coach auriemma. keep winning, @usabasketball.  million americans get help from social security. on its st anniversary, let's recommit to protecting it. this is what @realdonaldtrump would do to your state's economy. rt @johnpodesta: farmers and ranchers are central to our economy, energy &amp; food security. our plan to help:  the choice on jobs is pretty clear: see how your state would fare under hillary vs. trump. we need to make sure every american has high-speed internet access. and we will:  "press play for a preview of the new campaign podcast with her. stream the full episode here: as track and field begins, we're honoring wilma rudolph: the first u.s. woman to win  track golds in one olympics. rt @timkaine: just released my tax returns, @realdonaldtrump. where are yours? many people are saying trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. what do you think it is?rt @thebriefing: wonder what trump's hiding in his tax returns? tap through the reel to see some of the best guesses! lgbt kids are perfect the way they are. they deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence. rt @hfa: rt if you agree: every student should learn computer science. rt @malalafund: "we cannot succeed when half of us are held back. education is the only solution."—malala #youthday last night, u.s. olympic swimmer @simone_manuel won gold and made history. rt @timkaine: housing discrimination cuts right to the heart of who we are as a society. we need to do all we can to fight it: here's a pretty incredible fact: there is a non-zero chance that donald trump isn't paying *any* taxes. here's why donald trump might be refusing to release his tax returns: you can also listen to the first episode of with her by streaming here: "rt @maxlinsky: i'm doing a new podcast that will run through election day and @hillaryclinton is my co-host  🎧 just launched: with her, our official campaign podcast. subscribe and listen to episode : "why is @realdonaldtrump refusing to release his tax returns? some ideas:".@teamusa at the white house, circa . #tbtcongrats on bringing home the gold and silver, simone and aly. we’re all so proud of you! -h "trump wants america to work for him and his friends.we need to build an economy that works for everyone.rt @hfa: the choice on climate change couldn't be more stark:  it's not just a value—it's a real plan.  rt @mpshapiro: .@hillaryclinton hits the trump loophole - his backdoor tax break for billionaires like himself. read about it here: let’s go out and build the future. "one of the reasons i asked tim kaine to be my running mate is that he...has a record of working across the aisle." strengthening unions doesn’t just serve their members—it leads to better pay, benefits, and working conditions for all employees."trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself.instead, let’s invest in our veterans, kids, schools and police."the  richest taxpayers in america would get an average tax cut of more than $ million a year from the trump loophole.trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. what that would mean: his family gets a $ billion tax cut. .% of americans get nothing.trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and wall street money managers. multi-millionaires should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries: every employee, from the ceo suite to the factory floor, contributes to a business’ success, so everybody should share in the rewards."one positive thing trump could do to make america great again?actually make great things in america: "if @teamusa was as fearful as trump, michael phelps and simone biles would be cowering in the locker room.america isn’t afraid to compete."trump may talk a big game on trade, but his approach is based on fear, not strength—fear that we can’t compete with the rest of the world."as president, i will stand up to china and anyone else who tries to take advantage of american workers and companies." —hillarywe’re going to invest in union training programs and apprenticeship programs so you can earn while you learn: a four-year degree shouldn’t be the only path to a good job. you should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living.it’s not right that donald trump can ignore his debts, but students and families can’t refinance theirs.let’s fight to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for everyone: the people taking care of our children and our parents deserve a good wage, good benefits, and a secure retirement.donald trump has spent his whole career stiffing small businesses. we’re going to invest $ billion in “make it in america” partnerships to support american manufacturing: "some country is going to be the clean energy superpower of the st century and create millions of jobs...i want it to be us." —hillarystarting on day one, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since world war ii.one of the many stark choices we face in this election. every american willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity, pride, and decent pay that can support a family.we are resilient, determined, and hard-working. there’s nothing america can’t do if we do it together."when trump visited detroit on monday he talked only of failure, poverty, and crime.he’s missing so much about what makes michigan great."hillary is speaking live from detroit on the economy. don’t miss it. tune in now: anyone willing to sink so low, so often should never be allowed to serve as our commander-in-chief.no, barack obama is not the founder of isis.it can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as donald trump should cause it, but his smear against president obama requires it.rt @thebriefing: donald trump’s tax plan mostly helps...donald trump. and people like him at the top. . unlike donald trump's, our campaign is about issues—not insults.  my heart breaks for the family of the officer killed in arkansas today. grateful for his service to his community. -h"our kids see the president as a role model. how will they see donald trump?who benefits from donald trump's "new" economic plan? rich people like donald trump. young people face tough challenges, but they have the ability to do something about it: vote. we're also going to make sure future generations inherit a cleaner planet—and create millions of jobs along the way. let's make it easier for young people to start businesses and fulfill their dreams.  and, unlike @realdonaldtrump, we're gonna make it easier for people who *aren't* celebrities to get apprenticeships. young americans have the most to gain from hillary's economic plan—and the most to lose under trump's policies. when you dig deeper, you see that young people of color have faced even greater challenges. that has to change. young people were among the hardest hit during the great recession—and the effects still linger. imagine how you'll feel the day after the election if we haven't joined together to chart a course of optimism. "i am humbled and moved by the republicans who are willing to stand up and say that donald trump does not represent their values.” —hillarydonald trump has spent his career stiffing small businesses, refusing to pay them what they’re owed. rt @hillaryforia: “when they have student debt, we’ll put a three year moratory on that so they can start their own businesses!”—@hillarycl…we can be the clean energy superpower of the st century. we are living off of the infrastructure built by our parents and grandparents. it’s overdue for upgrades: we’re going to make the biggest investment in good-paying jobs since world war ii: hillary's talking about the economy in des moines. tune in now to watch: "if you're a millionaire, you'll do great under trump's economic plan. everyone else? well...take a look: "the time has come for republicans...to repudiate mr. trump once and for all." —@nytimes rt @timkaine: david's letter to his daughter about why he can't support donald trump really hits home. "our kids are watching, donald.rt @gabbygiffords: .@realdonaldtrump might astound americans on a routine basis, but we must draw a line between political speech &amp; suggest…"rt @hillaryforia: welcome back, madame secretary.hillary heads back to des moines this wednesday. rsvp:  "a person seeking to be the president of the united states should not suggest violence in any way." here’s the sad truth: there is no other donald trump. this is it. how can we prevent the spread of zika in the u.s.? hillary and @timkaine respond on @quora:  "donald trump's economic plan is a bad deal for working families—and a big tax cut for donald trump."trump's trickle-down economic plan: big giveaways for those at the top at the expense of everyone else.thank you to the more than  million people who have donated to this campaign. chip in now to join them: rt @nytimes:  gop officials sign a letter declaring that trump “would be the most reckless president in american history” rt @quora: presidential &amp; vp candidates @hillaryclinton &amp; @timkaine are now answering in their session!  rt @elizabethforma: even @realdonaldtrump's childcare plan gives billionaires w/ a nanny a tax break while millions of low-income household…rt @elizabethforma: .@realdonaldtrump's econ plan was written by rich corporate insider advisors to make the economy even greater for rich…last night, swimmer @katieledecky won gold and broke her own world record in the m freestyle. congrats, katie! just imagine donald trump in the oval office facing a real crisis. we can’t afford that kind of risk.donald trump is not only putting our national security at risk—he’s putting our economy at risk. we’re going to make sure the wealthy pay their fair share in taxes for a change: donald trump's plan is just a repackaging of trickle-down economics—and it doesn’t help our economy or the vast majority of americans."we've got to stand up against climate deniers.there isn't a problem we can't solve if we put our minds to it: watch live as hillary stops in st. petersburg, florida, for a campaign rally on the choice we face on the economy: rt @quora: answer by @hillaryclinton on her plans for her first  days in office if elected  here's what people with actual "tremendous business success" say about donald trump. rt @uaw: .@realdonaldtrump has an economic plan...to cut the pay of hardworking uaw members.  #nevertrumprt @thedemocrats: creating jobs — it's what democrats do. in  months, let's elect another one:  rt @sensanders: at a time of massive income and wealth inequality, it is absurd to provide huge tax breaks to the very rich."clinton’s economic policies...will result in a stronger u.s. economy.” —mark zandi, john mccain's economic advisor today's bombing of a hospital in pakistan is despicable. we have to stand up against terror and come together to prevent these attacks. -hin rio, olympic fencer ibtihaj muhammad became the first american muslim athlete to compete while wearing a hijab. when you're comparing hillary's and trump's economic plans, there are two numbers you need to know. "i don't know another businessman that brags about his bankruptcies." —@warrenbuffett on trump: "donald trump's economic plan:. lower wages. fewer jobs . more debt. tax breaks for the .%watch: this special  degree video allows you to experience the magic of the @demconvention balloon drop: """she doesn't just see one america. she sees all of america &amp; knows that we need all of us."" —@corybooker on hillarywe have some questions about @realdonaldtrump's cozy relationship with russia. "in america, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it.rt @hfa: we're live on facebook giving a demo of our hillary for america mobile app. tune in to get an inside look: the nra is based in virginia, but that's never stopped @timkaine from leading the fight to reduce gun violence. rt @joebiden: no one wants to earn a purple heart. but to those who did, you have america's unending gratitude and admiration. thank you. #…donald trump's no good, horrible, very bad week. laurie hernandez is the first u.s.-born latina on the olympic gymnastics team since '. good luck! #imwithhernandez rt @bishopgarrison: proud to celebrate nat. purple heart day today. thank you to my fellow vets &amp; service members for your sacrifice. rt @hillaryforva: in honor of our weekend of action, read why jasmine smalls (@ajazzyworld) is a proud member of team #virwinia. "she will deliver on the most important duty of a president—keeping our nation safe." —michael morell on hillary three-time world all-around champion @simone_biles is set to make history at the olympics. good luck, simone! “on the issues, there’s no comparison in terms of thoughtfulness, thoroughness, and practicality." —@houstonchron "so proud of you, karla."“#senddonaldtospace” —@jeffbezostrump's peer reviews are dismal:  reasons why trump should never be president—just from this week alone. seriously, what is going on with trump and russia? rt @barb_kinney: this is what i saw while photographing @hillaryclinton, @potus and more at the #demconvention. rt @timkaine: the right to vote is at the heart of our democracy, and a weakened vra threatens that right for too many. it's time to #resto…why the @houstonchron is urging voters to support hillary in the “starkest political choice in living memory”: why do trump’s foreign policy ideas read like a putin wish list? four years ago today. … so yeah, it's been quite a week for donald trump. rt @hfa: here's the story behind our campaign's first braille button: rt @ambassadorrice: deeply concerned by raid on #ugpride. many detained, incl. @frankmugisha. lgbt citizens deserve protection. america is stronger when we expand access to the ballot box, not restrict it. it's time to #restorethevra. four gold medals and counting: today, @serenawilliams hits the court in rio to add to her collection. at the paris  games, golfer margaret abbott became the first american woman to win an olympic gold medal. rt @hfa: ready for the opening ceremony. u.s.a! u.s.a! "trump just said he “doesn’t throw babies out” of his rallies...let’s review the record."we have never had a candidate that was more qualified to take the office of president." —@potus on hillary rt @joebiden: america is going to see what vp biden already knows — just how much @hillaryclinton cares about our country. "this week, trump attacked a fallen soldier's family, called hillary ""the devil,"" and criticized a crying baby.stronger together comes out in sept—a book on hillary's policy plans and vision for america:  "republicans agree: we can't give donald trump control of our nuclear codes."we have to reject and stand up against the appeals to the kind of bigotry...that we see from trump’s campaign." —hillary #nabjnahjrt @hillary_esp: “Él dice que no se puede confiar en un distinguido juez porque tiene herencia mexicana”—hillary sobre trump.we launched an all-spanish twitter account, @hillary_esp, because we believe in bringing as many people as possible into this conversation.“i believe with all my heart that america is better than this. america is better than donald trump.” —hillary"trump retweets white nationalists. he talks about banning muslims. and yes, he talks about curtailing press freedom as well."trump is harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and appealing to the ugliest impulses of our society.it’s past time for comprehensive immigration reform, and we’re going to do everything we can to get it done: we’ve got to help every family afford the books, computers, and internet access that our kids need to learn in the st century.rosa parks opened up every seat on the bus. now we’ve got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare.the great recession hit our whole country hard, but the toll was especially hard on black and latino families.tune in to watch hillary speak live with the @nabj and the @nahj: "trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security." —michael morell rt @whitehouse: good news: our businesses have added  million jobs over the past  months →  our first-ever gold medal-winning women's gymnastics team: the magnificent seven. "we don't know why trump and putin praise each other so much and share many foreign policies.we'll let you guess."watch an exclusive interview with @potus backstage at the democratic convention.none of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country alone. it takes a village. we know a guy with a binder, @realdonaldtrump. (he might not take your calls, though.) rt @cnnpolitics: obama on whether trump could be trusted with us nuclear weapons: "make your own judgment"  rt @kenvogel: obama: "i obviously have very strong opinions about the two candidates running. one is very positive. the other one is not so…wish @potus a happy birthday. sign his card: "you saw the democratic convention.now, watch the never-before-seen footage from backstage:"if you're not registered, and you're eligible as an american citizen, please go sign up." —hillary in nevada: anyone who you can provoke with a tweet should not be anywhere near nuclear weapons: donald trump is not qualified to be president, and he is temperamentally unfit to be commander-in-chief.every week, @realdonaldtrump hits a new low. rt @thebriefing: most of trump's merchandise is made in (just about everywhere except) the usa. "that’s what st century feminism is about: the idea that when everybody is equal, we are all more free." —@potus what our economy needs: the largest investment in creating good-paying jobs since world war ii. happy birthday, @potus. the @houstonchron almost always backs the gop nominee for president. here’s why they endorsed hillary in : we have the most productive and competitive workers in the world. we just need to give them a chance to succeed. "i will take on the gun lobby for commonsense gun safety reform.” —hillary: we are setting a goal to register  million more american citizens to vote: as president i will defend and protect america’s public lands. anyone who can be provoked by a tweet shouldn’t be anywhere near nuclear weapons."there is no doubt in my mind that donald trump is unqualified and unfit to be commander-in-chief.” —hillary"the rnc showed a negative, pessimistic view of america: that is not who we are.do we have challenges? sure. can we meet them? absolutely!""we gotta make this economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” —hillary rt @washingtonpost: "i was capt. khan’s commander in iraq. the khan family is our family."  via @postopinionstrump: "i love war, in a certain way." trump thinks it's too hard to make his products in america, so we went and found  us manufacturers he could use. "donald trump's message to workers: you're fired."making our economy work for everyone starts by making sure those at the top pay their fair share in taxes."if trump is serious about ""making america great again,"" he should start by making his products in america."lincoln: ""war, at its best, is terrible.""trump: ""i love war.""how trump's words compare to former presidents':  memorable moments from the democratic convention that you probably missed:  just  days until election day. here are  things that depend on the choice we make on november : rt @dakota_meyer: if @realdonaldtrump wants to be the commander in chief, he needs to act like one. and that cant start until he apologizes…rt @tammyforil: .@realdonaldtrump, this is how one usually looks when you are awarded the purple heart. nothing easy about it. an important step forward on pay equity in massachusetts. women deserve equal pay across our nation. rt @thebriefing: no, this seriously happened... rt @timkaine: first trump attacked the hotel roanoke. then a gold star va family. today, he kicked a baby out of a va rally. virginia is no…"under trump, our economy would lose . million jobs.hillary's plan would create . million—in one term alone. all kauveri wanted for her seventh birthday was to meet hillary (and a star wars lego set). she got both! rt @cnn: president obama strongly rebukes donald trump: he is "unfit to serve as president"  this from a man who says he’s “sacrificed” for our country. "the #demconvention painted a bright picture of america—filled with diversity, love &amp; hope.the rnc was...different.  moments from the past week that will make you proud to be a democrat: rt @chelseaclinton: wonderful: men at #demconvention describe what electing a woman president means to them  #imwith…".@realdonaldtrump, when someone puts in the work, you are supposed to pay them.a former mccain advisor says hillary's policies "will result in a stronger u.s. economy under almost any scenario." "barack, michelle, joe, bernie, elizabeth, bill, tim, hillary, and more: watch the best moments from the dnc.road trip: tag along on hillary and @timkaine's bus tour through ohio and pennsylvania →  "trump wants to be our commander-in-chief. here's how he's treated veterans thus far:rt @cnbcnow: just in: world's th richest person, warren buffett, challenges trump to release his taxes. "i'm under audit too." "cheryl's husband died serving our country. trump's company scammed her out of money she needed for her family. rt @iafftreg: .@iafflocal responds to @realdonaldtrump attack over the weekend. @laurawalkerkc @jakesherman @thefix rt @hillaryforva: hello, virginia! after an exciting week on the trail with @hillaryclinton, i'm so happy to be home. -tk"why not carrier pigeons, @realdonaldtrump?rt @whitehouse: "no one—no one—has given more for our freedom and security than our gold star families." —@potus at @davhq rt @kylegriffin:  gold star families write to trump: “ours is a sacrifice you will never know.” (via @votevets) ".@flotus brought the house down.a muslim family reminded us what america is about.we shattered a glass ceiling. rt @thebriefing: kind of assumed trump's approach would be more rt if by land, like if by sea. watch backstage as hillary, @timkaine, and their families listen to the benediction to close out the dnc. "meet another gold star family with some personal perspective on donald trump:your courage is inspiring, mrs. khan—and you’re right. "do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, in all the places we can, for all the people we can.the @houstonchron endorsed @mittromney in . here's why they're endorsing hillary in : road trip. rt @mayaharris_: he’s also made clear he’s fully committed to hillary's policy agenda, which he understands includes repeal of hyde. rt @thedemocrats: she is a gold star mother, she is muslim, and she has some words for donald trump.  thank you, @joebiden. rt @jmurray: hillary is "guided by the sacrifice" of those that give their life to this country. trump denigrates their families sarah mcbride, the first trans person to speak at a party convention: "despite our progress, so much work remains." "their paths may vary, but their call is the same. meet the women of the u.s. senate:rt @johnkasich: there's only one way to talk about gold star parents: with honor and respect. capt. khan is a hero. together, we should pra…"a night to remember.the american people have always made this country great. captain khan and his family represent the best of america, and we salute them. "our commander-in-chief shouldn’t insult and deride our generals, retired or otherwise.that really should go without saying.""donald trump says he wants to ""make america great again.""well, he could start by actually making things in america."we're going to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since world war ii: “donald trump spoke for  minutes and offered zero solutions.” —hillary on trump’s convention speech: “i don’t think president obama &amp; vice president biden get the credit they deserve for saving the american economy.” "americans don’t say: “i alone can fix it.”we say: “ok, how are we going to fix this together?”""don’t believe anyone who says “i alone can fix it.”those were actually donald trump’s words at the republican convention in cleveland."we have the most productive workers in the world. we just need to give our people a chance to succeed: "on thursday, i was incredibly grateful and humbled to accept the democratic party’s nomination." —hillarylisten in from johnstown, pa as hillary and @timkaine discuss innovation and manufacturing: rt @billclinton: incredibly proud of hillary and so happy to join her and tim on the trail this week. get live updates from hillary and @timkaine's bus tour →  rt @ann_oleary: today in , pres johnson signed medicare &amp; medicaid into law. we must protect &amp; strengthen these critical programs. that…when any barrier falls in america, it clears the way for everyone. rt @msnbc: watch: #khizrkhan asks mitch mcconnell and paul ryan to repudiate trump. tune in to @thelastword for the interview "if you want to see the best of america, you need look no further than the example set by army captain humayun khan.hillary accepted the democratic nomination for president on thursday. (there were balloons.)  "donald trump has painted a dark, divisive picture of america. we have  days to stop him from becoming president.headlines for the history books. with the first local transmission of zika in fl, it’s even more critical for republicans to stop blocking action: big victory for democracy as the th circuit just struck down a nc voter discrimination law. let’s keep fighting to make voting easier. -h"capt. khan embodied the best of our values when his actions saved his unit. last night, his parents told his story:“contrary to donald trump, i believe every time we knock down a barrier in america, it liberates everyone in america.” —hillary"we've got to make this economy work for everyone, not just those at the top." —hillary: "our founders came together to create one nation because they knew what we know: we are stronger together." —hillary"“as of tomorrow, we have  days to make our case to america. so what better place to kick off this campaign than where it all started?""""""this has been such an exciting...week!we heard the man from hope, bill clinton &amp; the man of hope, barack obama."" hillary &amp; @timkaine take the stage in philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official democratic ticket: rt @timkaine: we share this basic belief: do all the good you can and serve one another. that's what this election is about. """let’s look to the future with courage and confidence.let’s build a better tomorrow for our beloved children."" the next president—and her husband. let's go win this, together. thank you. rt @potus: great speech. she's tested. she's ready. she never quits. that's why hillary should be our next @potus. (she'll get the twitter…in america, we’re always stronger together. """yes, the world is watching what we do.yes, america's destiny is ours to choose.so let's be stronger together my fellow americans!""""we lost our mother a few years ago but i miss her every day. and i still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right""she never let me back down from any challenge...she was right. you have to stand up to bullies." —hillary on advice from her mom, dorothyevery generation of americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer, and stronger. none of us…can do it alone.” —hillary“enough with the bigotry and bombast. donald trump's not offering real change, he’s offering empty promises.” —hillary“here's the sad truth: there is no other donald trump. this is it.” —hillarylet’s put ourselves in the shoes of young black &amp; latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable."i refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. we have to heal the divides in our country.” —hillary "we need to start listening to each other.hearing each other.walking in each other’s shoes.""i'm not here to take away your guns. i just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.” —hillary"if we’re serious about keeping our country safe, we also can’t afford to have a president who’s in the pocket of the gun lobby." —hillary"a man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." —hillary"donald trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign...imagine him in the oval office facing a real crisis.""a president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country." —hillary"""donald trump says, and this is a quote, 'i know more about isis than the generals do.'  no, donald, you don't.” —hillary""i'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments" —hillary"keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority.” —hillary"donald trump says he wants to make america great again—well, he could start by actually making things in america again." —hillary"please explain to me what part of america first leads him to make trump ties in china, not colorado. trump suits in mexico, not michigan.""remember what the president said last night: don’t boo, vote!” —hillary: "in atlantic city…you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because donald trump refused to pay his bills" —hillary"if you believe that every man, woman &amp; child in america has the right to affordable health care, join us!” —hillary "if fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in!” —hillary “way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. in america, if you can dream it, you should be able to do it.” —hillary"bernie sanders and i will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all." —hillary“if you believe that your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserve equal pay, join us!” —hillary"if you believe we should expand social security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions, join us!” —hillary"if you believe that companies should share profits with their workers, not pad executive bonuses, join us." —hillary"comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together, and it’s the right thing to do." —hillary"when we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out.""i believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs." —hillary"it’s wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." —hillary“we'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn citizens united!” —hillary“with your help, i will carry all of your voices with us to the white house!” —hillary "i believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should." —hillary"my primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the united states."“democrats, we are the party of working people.” —hillary"when any barrier falls in america, for anyone, it clears the way for everyone...when there are no ceilings, the sky’s the limit." —hillary"we’ve reached a milestone...the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president." —hillary "i will be a president for democrats, republicans, and independents. for the struggling, the striving and the successful…for all americans.""it’s true: i sweat the details of policy...because it’s not just a detail if it’s your kid, if it’s your family. it’s a big deal.""simply caring is not enough. to drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws." —hillary"no one gets through life alone. we have to look out for each other and lift each other up." —hillary"i accept your nomination for president of the united states!” —hillary "through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part." —hillary"it is with humility, determination, and boundless confidence in america’s promise that i accept your nomination for president!" —hillary"'stronger together’ is...not just a slogan for our campaign. it’s a guiding principle for the country we’ve always been." —hillary"none of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.” —hillary #strongertogether"americans don’t say, 'i alone can fix it.' they say, ‘we’ll fix it together!’” —hillary"don’t believe anyone who says 'i alone can fix it.’ yes, those were actually donald trump’s words in cleveland." —hillary"don’t let anyone tell you that our country is weak—we’re not.don’t let anyone tell you we don’t have what it takes—we do.""we have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. we have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had." —hillary"we will not ban a religion—we will work with all americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism." —hillary"we will not build a wall—instead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one." —hillary"fdr came up with the perfect rebuke to donald trump more than  years ago:“the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.”""he's taken the republican party a long way, from 'morning in america’ to 'midnight in america.’” —hillary on trump"we heard donald trump’s answer last week at his convention. he wants to divide us...he wants us to fear the future and fear each other."“we have to decide whether we’re going to work together so we can all rise together.” —hillary"our founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.” —hillary“@berniesanders, you’ve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong.” —hillary "to all of your supporters here and around the country: i want you to know, i've heard you." —hillary on @berniesanders"i want to thank bernie sanders. bernie, your campaign inspired millions of americans.” —hillary"for those of you out there who are just getting to know @timkaine...he'll make the whole country proud as our vice president." —hillary"we heard from…@joebiden. he spoke from his big heart about our party’s commitment to working people." —hillary "america is stronger because of president obama's leadership, and i am better because of his friendship." —hillary "“we heard the man from hope, bill clinton.and the man of hope, barack obama.” —hillary "bill, that conversation we started in the law library  years ago, it is still going strong.” —hillary"chelsea, thank you. i am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman you’ve become." —hillary"regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me.” —@chelseaclinton "mom, grandma would be so, so proud of you tonight.” —@chelseaclinton“this november, i’m voting for a woman…who knows women’s rights are human rights…here at home and around the world.” —@chelseaclinton"people ask me all the time: how does she do it?…here’s how: it’s because she never, ever forgets who she’s fighting for.” —@chelseaclinton"she always feels like there isn’t a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother, for that family, there isn’t.” —@chelseaclintonso proud. "i’m here as a proud american, a proud democrat, a proud mother, and tonight, in particular, a very, very proud daughter.” —@chelseaclintongetting ready. "that's right—i love hillary too." —@katyperry about to head out and accept your nomination for president. i’m so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -hget the latest from the #demconvention floor before hillary takes the stage: watch live: get an exclusive look at the @demconvention before hillary officially accepts the nomination → "some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." —rev. william barber "when flint's water poisons its children, it hurts all of us. these are our children." —@jengranholm "a night we'll never forget.rt @thebriefing: "that's a bunch of malarkey!" —@joebiden, holding exactly nothing back last night. rt @hfa: "i'm living through history, and my mom and my grandma are finally getting to see it as well." —ebony, , nc "it's all happening. tune in for an exclusive look at the #demsinphilly as hillary officially accepts the nomination.“her words gave me strength during one of the toughest tests of my life.” —@clairecmc on hillary "rt @modemparty: you better listen to @repcleaver — @hillaryclinton won't stay throwed. #demsinphillyrt @hillary_esp: “al igual que hillary... he luchado toda mi vida por los derechos humanos, mujeres, trabajadores”  —@doloreshuerta. rt @sarahemcbride: thanks to all who watched and all who fight for lgbt rights. here are my #demconvention remarks! #demsinphilly rt @timkaine: it was the honor of my life to accept the democratic nomination for vice president. i won't let you down. rt @thebriefing: watch michael bloomberg sum up a whole lot about that's wrong with donald trump in less than a minute: "no matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever quits." —@potus ready to pass the baton. on day three, the #demsinphilly officially welcomed @timkaine to the ticket—and @potus brought down the house: """i ask you to do for hillary clinton what you did for me.i ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.” "rt @hfa: to: @potusfrom: all of us we love you back, @potus. """thank you for this incredible journey.let’s keep it going.god bless the united states of america!"" —@potus "i’m asking you to join me, to reject cynicism...to summon what’s best in us; to elect hillary clinton as the next president” —@potus"america, you have vindicated that hope these past eight years. and now i’m ready to pass the baton.” —@potus“you’re who i was talking about twelve years ago, when i talked about hope.” —@potus"tonight, i ask you to do for hillary clinton what you did for me. i ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.” —@potus"we don’t fear the future; we shape it, we embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own.” —@potus“democracy isn’t a spectator sport. america isn’t about 'yes he will.' it’s about 'yes we can.’” —@potus"""hillary clinton is that woman in the arena.she’s been there for us, even if we haven’t always noticed."" —@potus""there has never been a man or a woman more qualified than hillary clinton to serve as president." —@potus "we all need to get out and vote for democrats up and down the ticket, and then hold them accountable until they get the job done.” —@potus"democracy works, america, but we gotta want it—not just during an election year, but all the days in between.” —@potus“the american dream is something no wall will ever contain.” —@potus"she knows that for progress to happen, we have to listen to each other, and see ourselves in each other.” —@potus on hillary"america has never been about what one person says he’ll do for us. it’s always been about what can be achieved by us, together.” —@potus"""that’s who we are.that’s our birthright.the capacity to shape our own destiny.""—@potus""""ronald reagan called america 'a shining city on a hill.'donald trump calls it 'a divided crime scene' that only he can fix.'"" —@potus""america is already great. america is already strong &amp; i promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on donald trump.” —@potus"meanwhile, donald trump calls our military a disaster…he suggests america is weak.” —@potus"she is fit and she is ready to be the next commander-in-chief.” —@potus on hillary"i know hillary won’t relent until isil is destroyed.” —@potus"hillary clinton is respected around the world, not just by leaders, but by the people they serve.” —@potus“then there’s donald trump. he’s not really a plans guy, not really a facts guy either.” —@potus"don't boo, vote!” —@potus “tim kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone i know. he will be a great vice president.” —@potus“there has never been a man or a woman more qualified than hillary clinton to serve as president of the united states of america.” —@potus"""no matter how daunting the odds.no matter how much people try to knock her down.she never, ever quits.""—@potus on hillary"“she sat with me in the situation room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out osama bin laden” —@potus on hillary“nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the oval office…but hillary’s been in the room; she’s been part of those decisions.” —@potus“she was doing everything i was, but just like ginger rogers, it was backwards in heels.” —@potus on the  election“a leader with real plans to break down barriers,...the next president of the united states hillary clinton.” —@potus"what i see is americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together.” —@potus“as i’ve traveled this country…what i’ve also seen, more than anything, is what is right with america.” —@potus"the america i know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. the america i know is decent and generous.” —@potus“what we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other.” —@potus on last week’s gop convention“this is not your typical election…this is a more fundamental choice about...whether we stay true to this great american experiment” —@potus"we’re not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creed—that all of us are created equal.” —@potus“we still have more work to do. more work to do for every american still in need of a good job or a raise.” —@potus“by so many measures, our country is stronger and more prosperous than it was when we started.” —@potus“america learned that love has no limits, and marriage equality is now a reality across the land.” —@potus"we brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to osama bin laden." —@potus"after a century of trying, we declared that health care in america is not a privilege for a few. it is a right for everybody.” —@potus"i stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you i am even more optimistic about the future" —@potus"i was so young that first time in boston...maybe a little nervous addressing such a big crowd, but i was filled with faith.” —@potus"twelve years ago tonight, i addressed this convention for the very first time." —@potusfired up, ready to go! """hillary is ready.ready to fight.ready to win.ready to lead.""—@timkaine "folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of donald trump's mouth.” —@timkaine rt @timkaine: hillary's ready because of her heart. she's ready because of her experience. she's ready because she knows we're stronger tog…rt @timkaine: "we better elect the candidate who's proven she can be trusted with the job. the candidate who’s proven she’s ready for the j…rt @timkaine: "folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of donald trump's mouth.""rt @timkaine: thousands of trump university students believed donald trump when he said he would help them succeed.  they all got stiffed.""""hillary has a passion for kids and families. donald trump has a passion, too.it's himself!"" —@timkaine rt @timkaine: remember karla, the little girl we heard from on monday who feared her parents would be deported? she trusts hillary to keep…rt @timkaine: "republican senators...once they've made sure nobody is listening, will tell you how fantastic a senator that hillary clinton…rt @timkaine: “i had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the s, but hey, tough times don't last—tough people do.” —timrt @hillary_esp: "aprendí los valores del pueblo: fe, familia y trabajo. los mismos valores de la comunidad latina aquí en nuestro país"–@t…rt @timkaine: "if any of you are looking for that party of lincoln, we've got a home for you right here in the democratic party!" —timrt @timkaine: "i took a year off law school to volunteer with jesuit missionaries in honduras. i taught kids welding &amp; carpentry." rt @timkaine: "i humbly accept my party's nomination to be vice president of the united states!" —tim rt @timkaine: "i want to thank my beautiful wife anne and my three wonderful children: nat, woody and annella." —tim "the richest thing about donald trump is his hypocrisy." —@mikebloomberg "hillary clinton understands that this is not reality television, this is reality!" —@mikebloomberg"the bottom line is trump is a risky, reckless, and radical choice, and we can't afford to make that choice." —@mikebloomberg"""trump says he wants to run the nation like he’s run his business.god help us!"" —@mikebloomberg""i believe we need a president who is a problem solver, not a bomb thrower." —@mikebloomberg"i built a business, and i didn’t start it with a $ million check from my father.” —@mikebloomberg on donald trump"we must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue." —@mikebloomberg on the stakes in this race"i believe it is an imperative that we elect hillary clinton as the next president of the united states.” —@mikebloomberg"“he says he cares about the middle class? give me a break.that’s a bunch of malarkey!"" —@joebiden on donald trump "we do not scare easily. we never bow. we never bend. we never break when confronted with crisis.” —@joebiden“a man who seeks to sow division in america for his own gain…we simply cannot let that happen as americans—period.” —@joebiden on trump"no major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal with...national security" —biden on trump"trump ""doesn’t have a clue about the middle class…“he has no clue about what makes america great. actually, he has no clue—period."" —biden""“he says he cares about the middle class?give me a break. that’s a bunch of malarkey."" —@joebiden on donald trump""his lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phrase…he’s proud he made famous—'you’re fired.'" —@joebiden on donald trump"there’s only one person in this race who will be there, who’s always been there…that’s hillary clinton's life’s story" —@joebiden"we all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when hillary clinton walks into the oval office." —@joebiden"hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education." —@joebiden"""everybody knows she’s smart.everybody knows she’s tough.but i know what she’s passionate about—i know hillary."" —@joebiden"“he’s become a brother to jill and me—and michelle…you are incredible.” —@joebiden on @potus and @flotus"every day we’re grateful to barack and michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey.” —@joebidenwatch night three of #demsinphilly live on facebook as @joebiden, @timkaine, and @potus take the stage → "he knows at its best, politics is always a matter of the heart.” –@drbiden on @joebiden what the world needs now is love. "rt @timkaine: what matters in politics is if you can deliver results—and hillary gets results. grateful for the chance to serve.rt @joebiden: i've seen hillary in the senate &amp; the situation room. clear-eyed. steady. understands working people. exactly the leadership…rt @joebiden: it’s good to be back, folks. we've got less than  months until election day, and i need you with me. let's go elect some dem…"speaking is difficult for me. but come january, i want to say these two words: madam president.” —@gabbygiffords "in the white house, she will stand up to the gun lobby. that’s why i'm voting for hillary!” —@gabbygiffords "in congress, i learned a powerful lesson: strong women get things done.” —@gabbygiffords"as president, she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient.” —@shuttlecdrkelly on hillary“we say their names, but that is not enough” —@imangelabassett on the victims of gun violence "i would give every single day that i have left for just one more day with my mom." —erica smegielski "i’m here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby.” —erica smegielski #stopgunviolence“it is time to take washington back from the gun lobby!” —@chrismurphyct rt @chrismurphyct: we have had #enough of the unrelenting gun violence in america. it's time for us to fight back, together. #imwithher htt…text laws to  to learn about the dangerous loopholes in our gun laws and get the information you need to help reduce gun violence.“there is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacres…we can change this.” —@chrismurphyct“she stood up to the nra, and hillary clinton pledged to take washington back from the gun lobby.” —@chrismurphyct #demsinphillythank you, christine. we're all standing by your side. rt @dominiclowell: christine leinonen is a symbol of strength for all americans, especially #lgbt people. my heart is with her and her son,…"""trump says global warming is a hoax.i say trump is a fraud.” —@jerrybrowngov #demsinphilly “from her first day in office, president hillary clinton will do what’s needed to combat climate change.” —@jerrybrowngov #demsinphilly“while trump talks and talks and talks, hillary does stuff. she fights for us on the big issues.”—@jerrybrowngov #demsinphilly"it’s time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hers—the white house!" —@martinomalley "i am here to tell you that hillary clinton is as tough as they come." —@martinomalley #demsinphillyrt @hfa: "maybe one day she'll look back and say, 'i was there...when we nominated our first female president.'" —janet, nmi rt @demconvention: just tuning into tonight's action? watch the livestream at  #demsinphilly #dncinphl "republicans want to tear down the pillars of middle-class security. we won’t let that happen!" —@senatorreid "middle-class families fighting to give your kids a better life: democrats stand in your corner." —@senatorreid #demsinphillyrt @emilyslist: "hillary clinton may be our st woman president. but she will not be our last. once that barrier falls, it will never... be…"""this is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. what happened in flint is immoral."" —hillarythe story of bill and hillary, in photos:  rt @billclinton: so proud to tell #demsinphilly last night why @hillaryclinton is still the best darn changemaker i've ever known. rt @hrc: daniel driffin is the first speaker living with hiv to take the #demconvention stage in  years "i trust hillary because...i've seen her lifelong devotion to our nation's children." —@flotus last night, we put the biggest crack yet in that highest, hardest glass ceiling. here are the highlights: "she is still the best darn change maker i have ever known.” —@billclinton on hillary rt @buzzfeed: people are sharing photos of their grandmas celebrating hillary clinton’s nomination  "hillary will make us stronger together. you know it because she’s spent a lifetime doing it." —@billclinton rt @timkaine: taking it all in. "a young girl asked hillary, ""do you think when you're president, you'll be paid as much as a man?""rt @rosenbergerlm: "the first time that a major presidential candidate has actively encouraged a foreign power to conduct espionage." rt @thebriefing: a few thoughts from @flotus that seem particularly relevant right now.  rt @timkaine: .@realdonaldtrump the hotel roanoke ac is fine &amp; you should pay them for it. you're the one who brought the hot air! "history made."what i admire most about hillary is that she never buckles under pressure." —@flotus  #demsinphlwe just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet.” —hillary "“hillary clinton will be our first woman president.and she will be a great president."" —meryl streep "rt @elizabethbanks: watch: me + friends supporting @hillaryclinton @demconvention #strongertogether #demsinphilly“hillary will make us stronger together. you know it because she spent a lifetime doing it.” —@billclinton "she is still the best darn changemaker i have ever known.” —@billclinton on hillary"how do you square the things i told you with the picture the republicans painted of their opponent in cleveland? you can’t." —@billclinton"she launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort.” —@billclinton“she backed president obama’s decision to go after osama bin laden.” —@billclinton on hillary "she flew all night from cambodia to the middle east to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between hamas and israel." —@billclinton"ny elected her to the seat once held by another outsider, robert kennedy. she didn’t let him down.” —@billclinton on hillary’s senate run“she’s a changemaker. that’s what she does.” —@billclinton on hillary helping  million kids get health coverage “this woman had never been satisfied with the status quo. she always wants to move the ball forward.” —@billclinton on hillary"she’s insatiably curious, she’s a natural leader, she’s a good organizer, and she’s the best darn changemaker i’ve seen.” —@billclinton“looks to me like we elected the wrong clinton.” —an arkansas judge on hillary’s work on rural education as first lady of arkansas“hillary opened my eyes to a whole new world of public service.” —@billclinton "it was the greatest moment of my life...and the...conviction that my daughter had the best mother in the world” —bill on chelsea being born“i married my best friend. i was still in awe of…how smart and strong and loving and caring she was.” —@billclinton on hillary"hillary enjoyed teaching, encouraging her students to believe in themselves and their potential.” —@billclinton“she never made fun of people with disabilities. she tried to empower them based on their abilities.” —@billclinton on hillary"then she went down to south texas…and registered mexican-american voters.” —@billclinton on hillary"she became so involved in children’s issues that she...took an extra year in law school, working at the child study center.” —@billclinton"knowing her was one of hillary’s greatest gifts to me.” —@billclinton on hillary’s mother, dorothy rodham"i asked her to take a walk with me to the yale art museum. we’ve been walking and talking and laughing together ever since.” —@billclinton"i was so impressed and surprised that, whether you believe it or not, i was momentarily speechless.”  —@billclinton on meeting hillary“in the spring of  i met a girl. the first time i saw her we were...in a class on political and civil rights.” —@billclinton on hillaryyou won’t want to miss this. watch @billclinton take the stage at the #demconvention: """she is the best qualified person for this moment in history."" —@billclinton on hillary"safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a tv reality show. it...demands a cool head, but also a big heart." —@madeleine"this fall, we must do everything we can to make sure that hillary becomes our next commander-in- chief." —@madeleine #demsinphilly"i trusted her when my life was on the line, and she came through.” —/ survivor, lauren manning "donald trump and mike pence: we are not going back to the dark days when women died in back alleys." —@barbaraboxer "let’s declare: love trumps hate!” —@americaferrera and @lenadunham "make no mistake about it: women's health and rights are on the line and on the ballot in this election.” —@cecilerichards #demsinphillyno mother should have to feel this loss. “i would not have signed up for this. none of us would have. i am here today for my son, trayvon martin, who is in heaven” —sybrina fultonrt @wesleylowery: "hillary clinton isn't afraid to say black lives matter..." - lucy mcbath, mother of jordan davis “sandy, my fourth of five daughters, was gone… so many of our children gone but not forgotten” —geneva reed-veal, sandra bland’s mother."""let's build. let's unite."" —maria hamilton, mother of dontre hamiltonthank you, president carter. rt @hfa: we made history. "this moment is for every little girl who dreams big. #wemadehistorystronger together. history. getting ready to make some history. #rollcallvote rt @hfa: the #rollcallvote is underway at the @demconvention. you can join in from home! text hillary to  to voice your support right…“this one’s for you, hill.” #wemadehistory rt @randibrazeau: it took  years but  will be the year of the first woman potus!!! great day to be an american woman! #imwithher #de…"i am pleased to second the nomination for hillary clinton as the party candidate for president!” —@repjohnlewis rt @sjbxtr: the tears are very real. now when i tell my daughter she can be what she wants (even president) i'm not completely full of it.#…rt @hfa: hillary's oldest delegate is . read jerry's story:  “tonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again.” —@repjohnlewis on nominating hillary for president #demsinphilly“we have made too much progress, and we are not going back, we are going forward." —@repjohnlewis #demsinphilly“some people want to rant, but hillary wants to get results.” —@senatorbarb #demsinphillywatch hillary become the first woman presidential nominee of a major political party:  #wemadehistoryyou heard @flotus. here's how you can get involved in this campaign →  on most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back kkk leaders. rt @hillaryforpa: meet one of our pa delegates who will help nominate @hillaryclinton today at #demconvention: @malcolmkenyatta "rt if last night made you proud to be a democrat. #demsinphlday one of the democratic convention is in the books. catch up on what you missed here:  #demsinphl"when we are indivisible, we are invincible." —@corybooker at the @demconvention last night #demsinphl """it is ridiculous that there has never been a female president before.""“because of hillary clinton, my daughters...can take it for granted that a woman can be president.” —@flotus "hillary clinton will make an outstanding president and i am proud to stand with her tonight.” —@berniesanders #demsinphilly"i served with her in the united states senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children.” —@berniesanders #demsinphilly"while...trump is busy insulting one group after another, hillary...understands that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths" —bernie"donald trump? well, like most republicans, he chooses to reject science. he believes that climate change is a 'hoax.'” —@berniesanders“hillary clinton will nominate justices to the supreme court who are prepared to overturn citizens united.” —@berniesanders #demsinphilly"hillary...understands that if someone in this country works  hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty." —@berniesanders"hillary clinton must become the next president of the united states.” —@berniesanders #demsinphilly"we have come a long way in the last  / years and i thank president obama and vice president biden for their leadership." —@berniesanders"rt @thebriefing: ""i can't see him helping anyone but himself."" —cheryl lankford, single mom and trump university victim #demsinphillyh…"happening now: watch @berniesanders address the @demconvention →  #demsinphilly"trump’s entire campaign is just one more, late-night trump infomercial.” —@elizabethforma #demsinphilly couldn’t agree more, @potus. “if you believe we are stronger together, then let’s work our hearts out to make hillary clinton the next president.” —@elizabethforma“we’re not going to be donald trump’s hate-filled america—not now, not ever!” —@elizabethforma #demsinphilly"when we turn on each other, we can’t unite to fight back against a rigged system.” —@elizabethforma #demsinphilly“that’s donald trump’s america—an america of fear and hate.” —@elizabethforma #demsinphilly"he even picked a vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians." —warren on trump"last week...trump spoke for more than an hour...but other than talking about building a stupid wall…did you hear any actual ideas?" –warren"what kind of a man cheats students, cheats investors, cheats workers? ... a man who must never be president" —warren on trump #demsinphilly"what kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? their homes? their life savings?" —warren on trump"he preyed on...people who had fallen on hard times. he’s conned them, he’s defrauded them, and he’s ripped them off.” —warren on trumprt @hfa: "we’re here today because our choice is @hillaryclinton. i’m with hillary." —@elizabethforma #demsinphilly watch @elizabethforma live at the #demconvention in philadelphia: "hillary clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —@flotus #demsinphilly "we need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing hillary clinton." —@flotus"don’t let anyone ever tell you that this country isn’t great...this, right now, is the greatest country on earth." —@flotus #demsinphilly“because of hillary clinton, my daughters…now take for granted that a woman can be president of the united states.” —@flotus #demsinphilly"hillary understands that the presidency is about one thing and one thing only—it’s about leaving something better for our kids." —@flotus"in this election, i’m with her!" —@flotus on hillary #demsinphilly"we don’t turn against each other—no, we listen to each other. we lean on each other because we are always stronger together." —@flotus"hillary clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —@flotus #demsinphilly"when she didn’t win the nomination  years ago, she didn’t get...disillusioned...she proudly stepped up to serve our country." —@flotus"there is only one person...truly qualified to be president of the united states, and that is our friend hillary clinton." —@flotushappening now: watch @flotus speak at the #demconvention: rt @hfa: "let us declare again, that we will be a free people. free from fear and intimidation." —@corybooker #demsinphilly "let us declare again that we are a nation of interdependence and that in america, love always trumps hate." —@corybooker #demsinphilly"""we are the united states of america.we will not falter or fail.we will not retreat or surrender."" —@corybooker #demsinphilly"“america, we will rise.” —@corybooker #demsinphilly"hillary clinton knows what donald trump betrays time and time again in this campaign: that we are not a zero sum nation." —@corybooker"trump says he would run our country like he has run his businesses. well, i’m from jersey...we see how he leads in atlantic city.” —booker“patriotism is love of country. but you can’t love your country without loving your countrymen and your countrywomen.” —@corybooker“generations of heroic americans have made our nation more inclusive, more expansive, and more just.” —@corybooker #demsinphilly“our forefathers gathered in this very city, and they declared before the world that would be a free and independent nation." —sen. bookerwatch live as @corybooker takes the stage at the #demconvention: “so guess what donald? it turns out america is pretty great already.” —@evalongoria #demsinphillyrt @hfa: no matter who you supported in the primary, we are united and stronger together. #demsinphilly rt @hfa: you still have a chance to be a part of history and join hillary at the #demsinphilly on thursday. enter here: thank you, @ddlovato, for describing your experience dealing with mental illness with such courage. #demsinphilly "rt @hillary_esp: ""cuando donald trump habla de deportar a  millones de personas, se refiere aseparar familias... como la mía y la de kar…""i know she will fight to keep our families together, nuestras familias” —dreamer @astrid_nv on hillary "valiente. brave. that’s what hillary...called me when i told her i was worried my parents would be deported" —karla "when donald trump talks about deporting  million people, he’s talking about...separating families like mine and like karla’s" —@astrid_nv“my family believed so deeply in the promise of this country that we risked everything for the american dream.” —dreamer activist @astrid_nv"we need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like karla's together. #demsinphillyrt @klyouell: i cannot ever say enough how much it means to me that @hillaryclinton speaks about addiction and substance abuse. #demsinphil…tonight, @thedemocrats voted for the most progressive party platform ever. here are some highlights:  #demsinphilly"opioid addiction is destroying too many lives across our country. it's time to end this epidemic."we don't just believe in a country where no one is left out or left behind—we're making it a reality.