rt @obamafoundation: watch: we hosted a town hall in new delhi with @barackobama and young leaders about how to drive change and make an im…michelle and i are delighted to congratulate prince harry and meghan markle on their engagement. we wish you a life… from the obama family to yours, we wish you a happy thanksgiving full of joy and gratitude. "me:  joe, about halfway through the speech, i’m gonna wish you a happy birth--biden:  it’s my birthday!me:  joe.… rt @obamafoundation: today, we honor those who have honored our country with its highest form of service.  this is what happens when the people vote. congrats @ralphnortham and @philmurphynj . and congratulations to all th… every election matters - those who show up determine our future. go vote tomorrow! may god also grant all of us the wisdom to ask what concrete steps we can take to reduce the violence and weaponry in our midst.we grieve with all the families in sutherland springs harmed by this act of hatred, and we’ll stand with the survivors as they recover...starting today, you can sign up for  health coverage. head on over to  and find a plan t… michelle and i are thinking of the victims of today's attack in nyc and everyone who keeps us safe. new yorkers are as tough as they come.hello, #obamasummit! thrilled to host civic leaders in chicago from all over the world. follow along at @obamafoundation.i’ll let you and @ladygaga handle the singing, and we’ll handle the donations. there’s still time to give:… tonight the ex-presidents are getting together in texas to support all our fellow americans rebuilding from this ye… i'm grateful to @senjohnmccain for his lifetime of service to our country. congratulations, john, on receiving this year's liberty medal.michelle &amp; i are praying for the victims in las vegas. our thoughts are with their families &amp; everyone enduring another senseless tragedy.proud to cheer on team usa at the invictus games today with my friend joe. you represent the best of our country. we're expanding our efforts to help puerto rico &amp; the usvi, where our fellow americans need us right now. join us a… prosecutor, soldier, family man, citizen. beau made us want to be better. what a legacy to leave. what a testament… rt @gatesfoundation: president @barackobama addresses #goalkeepers starting at : pm. tune in here: thinking about our neighbors in mexico and all our mexican-american friends tonight. cuidense mucho y un fuerte abrazo para todos.coding is important – and fun. @csforall, thanks for your work to make sure every kid can compete in a high-tech, g… michelle and i want the @obamafoundation to inspire and empower people to change the world. here's how we're gettin… we remember everyone we lost on / and honor all who defend our country and our ideals. no act of terror will ever change who we are.rt @georgehwbush: across the u.s., americans have answered the call to help with hurricane recovery. praying for all floridians. #irma proud of these mckinley tech students—inspiring young minds that make me hopeful about our future. americans always answer the call.  to target hopeful young strivers who grew up here is wrong, because they’ve done nothing wrong. my statement: thank you to all the first responders and people helping each other out. that's what we do as americans. here's one… michelle and i are thinking of the victims and their families in barcelona. americans will always stand with our spanish friends. un abrazo."...for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite." - nelson mandela"people must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love...""no one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." john mccain is an american hero &amp; one of the bravest fighters i've ever known. cancer doesn't know what it's up against. give it hell, john.health care has always been about something bigger than politics: it's about the character of our country. of all that i've done in my life, i'm most proud to be sasha and malia's dad. to all those lucky enough to be a dad… on this national gun violence awareness day, let your voice be heard and show your commitment to reducing gun viole… forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of all who fought to protect our freedoms and defend this country we… good to see my friend prince harry in london to discuss the work of our foundations &amp; offer condolences to victims… through faith, love, and resolve the character of the people of manchester has shown itself.  our thoughts &amp; prayer… our hearts go out to those killed and wounded in manchester. americans will always stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of the uk.excited to hear from sierra, imani, filiz, and benedikt who are making a difference at home and abroad. see you in… happy mother's day to my love and partner on this journey @michelleobama, and to all the wonderful, hardworking mothers out there.we're rolling up our sleeves again, back where it all started. join us at  well said, jimmy. that's exactly why we fought so hard for the aca, and why we need to protect it for kids like bil… rt @obamafoundation: it’s a beautiful day on the south side. my heart goes out to the victims and their families in london. no act of terror can shake the strength and resilience of our british ally.chuck berry rolled over everyone who came before him – and turned up everyone who came after.  we'll miss you, chuck.  be good.on international women’s day, @michelleobama and i are inspired by all of you who embrace your power to drive chang… rt @obamafoundation: courage comes in many forms. who in your local community or neighborhood leads by example? #profileincourage humbled to be recognized by a family with a legacy of service. who's your #profileincourage? tell me about them:… we asked. you answered. happy valentine’s day, @michelleobama! almost  years with you, but it always feels new. i read letters like these every single day. it was one of the best parts of the job – hearing from you. rt @obamafoundation: add your voice:  in the meantime, i want to hear what you're thinking about the road ahead. so share your ideas with me here: hi everybody! back to the original handle. is this thing still on? michelle and i are off on a quick vacation, then we’ll get back to work.tonight, president obama reflects on eight years of progress. watch the #farewelladdress at  pm et:  #obamafarewell"rt @ofa: ""thanks to the affordable care act, your coverage is better today than it was before.""watch the weekly address: in the weekly address, president obama discusses what #obamacare has done to improve health care. let's keep working to keep our economy on a better, stronger course. the landmark #parisagreement enters into force today—we must keep up the momentum to #actonclimate. the economy added , jobs in october, and wages are up . percent over the past year.  #jobsreportthere are a lot of plans out there. check your options and lock in the one that's best for you:  #getcoveredthe positive impact of #obamacare is undeniable, but there's one big factor holding many states back: rt @potus: it happened: @cubs win world series. that's change even this south sider can believe in. want to come to the white house before…tens of millions of americans have benefited from #obamacare. make sure you're one of them. #getcovered thanks to #obamacare, quality health care is available to everyone. the marketplace is now open—make sure you and y… rt @lacasablanca: la típica latina tarda  meses en ganar lo que un hombre blanco gana en  meses. tenemos que cerrar la brecha salarial.…rt @whitehouse: on #latinaequalpay day, we mark the work that remains to ensure that all americans receive equal pay for equal work. community organizing never goes out of style. shop now:  with #obamacare, people can focus on treatment for pre-existing conditions without the fear of coverage being cappe… the obamacare marketplace is now open. if you're uninsured, now is the time to shop for a plan and #getcovered.… rt @flotus: open enrollment starts tomorrow! check out your options at  and share your #getcovered story. lions and tiggers and bears! oh my! #happyhalloween usted y su familia merecen la tranquilidad de saber que están cubiertos. el mercado de seguros abre mañana. speak up in support of quality, affordable health care for all. there's nothing to be scared of when searching for health insurance. three in four people can #getcovered for less… open enrollment begins tomorrow—make sure you and your loved ones #getcovered. rt @ofa: witch plan is best for you? thanks to obamacare, even pre-existing conditions can't stop you from comparing your options. #getcove…senate leaders' obstruction of our supreme court nomination process is unacceptable. say so:  #doyourjobsenate leaders should put the common good above politics—the integrity of our nation's highest court depends on it.… don't ghost on your health and well-being—your chance to #getcovered is coming up. open enrollment starts november… climate change is happening now. denial is dangerous. if you're willing to work hard and play by the rules, you should be able to get ahead. president obama lays out just a few of the ways in which #obamacare has helped millions of americans. new report: renewable energy installations are beating fossil fuel installations for the first time.  #actonclimateobamacare has helped millions of americans gain the peace of mind that comes with coverage. show your support: this is what happens when we focus on building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. "no one's too wrapped up in pre-existing conditions to #getcovered. thanks to obamacare, you can find a plan that m… help protect the progress we've made in helping millions of americans get covered. add your name now: dyk: most people can find a plan for less than $ per month. open enrollment starts on november . #getcovered women, the sick, survivors—they all deserve fair treatment in our health care system. #obamacare don't get tripped up by misinformation. join the @ofa truth team today:  rt @secburwell: most people shopping on @healthcaregov will again find plans with premiums of less than $/month, thanks to financial assi…be proud of the progress we've made together—wear the mark of this movement.  strong policies that help working families get ahead are good for our economy. the four-week average of jobless claims fell to the lowest level since —a sign of a healthy labor market. since , america's uninsured rate has been cut in half. help build on that progress—join team #obamacare today: "rt @ofa: it's working.it's saving lives.and we're not going back.retweet to show your support. health care is a right, not a privilege—and #obamacare works to protect that right for millions of americans. don't get tripped up by misinformation. join the @ofa truth team today:  being able to stay on a parent's plan enables millions of young adults to make choices about their future with the… "because of obamacare, another  million americans now know the financial security of health insurance." stand up for the law that's helped  million more americans gain health coverage. join team @obamacare today: there's still more work to do, but let's celebrate how far we've come. live: president obama is in miami talking about the progress made possible by the affordable care act. rt @whitehouse: each day, @potus reads  letters from americans. today, we're sharing some of the letters written about #aca: tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak about the successes of the affordable care act. there's a lot of misinformation floating around. make sure you've got the facts—join the @ofa truth team:… from coast to coast, editorial boards are denouncing senate obstructionism. take a look:  #doyourjobour supreme court has been short a justice for far too long. #doyourjob, senate leaders. rt @secburwell: today, m more americans have coverage thanks to the #aca. our uninsured rate is the lowest in our nation’s history. lowes…the need for a ninth justice is undeniably clear. #doyourjob we can't afford to let this be the new normal.  #actonclimatedenying climate change is dangerous. join @ofa supporters in standing up for bold action now:  #actonclimateclimate change is real, but so is the progress we're making to #actonclimate. let's keep it up. this is just the latest step forward in the push to #actonclimate. read why @flotus is fighting to ensure that girls everywhere have access to quality education.  #letgirlslearnwildfires in the next few decades could be "unrecognizable" to previous generations—because of climate change: senate leaders are blocking the supreme court nomination for their own political gain—don't be silent:  #doyourjobrt @whitehouse: "nobody should be priced out of a higher education." —@potus on the progress we've made:  rt @whlive: watch as @potus speaks on the progress made to ensure every student has the opportunity to realize their potential: senate leaders have recognized judge garland's impeccable credentials in the past. he deserves a fair hearing and a… we need a fully functional supreme court. editorial boards across the country agree:  #doyourjobthe american bar association gave judge garland its highest rating. senate leaders: #doyourjob and fill the #scotus… denying climate change is dangerous. join @ofa supporters in standing up for bold action now:  #actonclimatecynics, take note: when we #actonclimate, we build a stronger future. "that’s how we will overcome the challenges we face: by unleashing the power of all of us for all of us." read more: check out the most recent editorial boards calling on senate leaders to vote on judge garland:  #doyourjobsenate leaders have undercut the functionality of the supreme court, and that's unacceptable. #doyourjob senate leaders' political games are handicapping the supreme court—and judgeships across the country.  #doyourjobrt @wired: after eight years in office, @potus remains optimistic about the world's future. his essay as wired’s guest editor: live: president obama is speaking at a reception celebrating #hispanicheritagemonth. rt @whitehouse: in honor of #hispanicheritagemonth, we celebrate the progress that hispanic americans have made under @potus: support the bold steps we're taking against climate change. say you're ready to #actonclimate: last week, more than  countries reached a landmark deal to reduce carbon pollution from aviation.  #actonclimatelet's leave our children and grandchildren a planet that's healthier than the one we have today. #actonclimate climate change's effects are devastating. denying the science behind it does nothing to help.  #actonclimate"on behalf of michelle and our family, g’mar chatimah tovah." —president obama #yomkippur"lgbt individuals deserve to know their country stands beside them." —president obama #nationalcomingoutday the supreme court must remain above politics. judge garland needs a hearing and a vote. #doyourjob don't stand idly by while senate leaders continue to block judge garland from a fair hearing and vote:  #doyourjobjudge garland is just as qualified now as he was in , senate leaders. it's time to #doyourjob. dispel misinformation with facts from the @ofa truth team. the uninsured rate is the lowest it's been in decades, thanks to #obamacare. spread the word.… deadline tonight—help rein in payday lenders that succeed by targeting vulnerable americans:  #stopthedebttrapthe obama administration and @cfpb are working to protect consumers and #stopthedebttrap. our economy is on a better, stronger course. the economic progress we've made is undeniable—let's keep it up. check out president obama's essay in @theeconomist on the unique challenges the american economy faces. the economy added , jobs in september—extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.icymi: read about the historic #parisagreement and what it means for the fight to #actonclimate. rt @whitehouse: this is #sxsl: the white house festival of ideas, art, and action. take a peek inside:  the cost of clean energy technology dropped significantly over the last eight years. get the chart:  #actonclimatethis historic step in the fight to #actonclimate came faster than anyone predicted. "today is a historic day in the fight to protect our planet for future generations." —president obama #actonclimate live: president obama is delivering a statement on the paris climate agreement. read from @nytopinion about why filling the supreme court vacancy is crucial for our democracy:  #doyourjobenough is enough. say it's time for senate leaders to get to work:  #doyourjob"everybody cares about their kids, their grandkids, and the kind of world we pass on to them." —president obama take what matters with you.  we've come a long way, but the fight for fairness and an economy that works for everyone continues. rt @natgeochannel: tonight @potus will be joined by @leodicaprio for a conversation on combating climate change:  #s…side-by-side for  years. here's to many more. #happyanniversary rt @whitehouse: today, @potus is bringing something new to the south lawn. find out why: facts matter. stay informed with the @ofa truth team: rt @ofa: "since i took office, another ten million private-sector workers have gained paid sick leave." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses why access to paid leave is so important.  #leadonleaveparents shouldn't have to choose between a paycheck and taking care of a sick child at home. #leadonleave after thirty years in congress, senator, this should not be your proudest accomplishment.  we need a fully functioning supreme court. speak up if you agree it's time for a hearing and a vote:  #doyourjobthere has never been a more qualified nominee, senate leaders. he deserves a fair hearing and a vote. #doyourjob it's the senate's job to fairly consider supreme court nominees. their refusal to do so is unacceptable:  #doyourjob"everybody gets sick." check out what president obama is doing to extend access to paid sick leave:  #leadonleavert @ernestmoniz: this is what a #cleanenergy revolution looks like. new report out today →  #actonclimate never underestimate the strength and resilience of the american economy. rt @slate: president obama answers slate’s questions about his administration’s new rule extending paid sick leave: the @ofa truth team makes it easy to stay informed. join today: this is no accident—we're making a comeback because together, we've fought hard to support american families. we're better off than we were eight years ago. household incomes are up, and the poverty rate is down across all demographics. as long as senate leaders keep refusing to do their jobs, @ofa supporters will continue speaking out against their… senate leaders have blocked judge garland's hearing for over six months now. keep pushing:  #doyourjobimportant, tough conversations require solid facts. get them from the @ofa truth team:  these are high praises from the american bar association—and yet, senate leaders refuse to even consider judge garl… senate leaders' unprecedented obstruction of the supreme court nomination must end. your voice matters:  #doyourjobthe american people are waiting for senate leaders to do their jobs. senate leaders have blocked judge garland's hearing for over six months now. keep pushing:  #doyourjobsenate leaders need to work for the good of the american people, not seek out political points. watch president obama and @ceachair jason furman discuss the positive gains the american economy has made. here are  broken records we shouldn't be proud of. stay informed. stay engaged. speak up. join the @ofa truth team: "another record broken:  months in a row of undeniable, record-breaking heat. #actonclimate"happy #firstdayoffall. we can't sit idly by. climate change is likely to threaten our national security—we must act now.… judge garland is highly qualified for the bench—even some senate leaders who are now blocking his hearing have agre… senate leaders' blind obstruction of judge garland's nomination sets a dangerous precedent. we can't stand idly by. enough of the shameless partisanship, senators. #doyourjob and fill the supreme court vacancy. help keep the pressure on senate leaders to give judge garland a fair hearing before their next recess.  #doyourjobthe american bar association gave judge garland its highest possible rating. he deserves a hearing and a vote.… "their right to inherit a healthy planet is a sacred responsibility." —president obama #actonclimate communities are already experiencing the effects of climate change—we can't afford not to act. take a look:… as the #unga meets, take a look at the progress we've made thanks to american leadership in the world. live: president obama is speaking at the st session of the united nations general assembly.  #ungalive: president obama is delivering a statement in new york. president obama commemorates #hispanicheritagemonth in an address to @chci. senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for judge garland. #doyourjob six months is long enough, senators. it's time to #doyourjob and give judge garland a hearing. rt @ofa: friendly reminder for senate leaders on #constitutionday: the supreme court should remain above partisan politics, senator.  #doyourjob progress starts with a conversation. make sure you have the facts to get yours started:  when we protect our lands and waters, it helps us protect our climate for future generations. #actonclimate "there is no 'election year' exception in article ii." sen. leahy calls on senators to give judge garland a hearing: president obama just made history by protecting nearly , square miles off the new england coast.  #ouroceanlive: president obama is speaking at the  our ocean conference.  #ourocean"rt @whitehouse: breaking: @potus will designate the first-ever marine monument in the atlantic ocean: we need nine justices for a fully functioning supreme court—and editorial boards across the country agree. rt @cspan: .@repjohnlewis on #gunviolence: "the time for silence is over." we can't let senate leaders ignore their constitutional responsibilities.  #doyourjob stay informed. stay engaged. speak up. join the @ofa truth team: the u.s. is on track to hit two million solar installations within the next two years. momentum is building: time is almost up for senate leaders to do the right thing and fill the #scotus vacancy.  #doyourjob"median household income: ⬆poverty rate: ⬇uninsured rate: ⬇middle-class economics works. in , we saw the fastest household income growth on record and the largest drop in the poverty rate since . "rt @whitehouse: fastest household income growth on record ✓  largest drop in poverty rate since  ✓  the supreme court must remain above partisanship. senate leaders: the time to fill the vacant seat is now. icymi: this is a really big deal. vice president biden speaks on the "dangerous precedent" senate leaders are setting by refusing to do their jobs. these are records we can't keep breaking. we must work together to #actonclimate. meaningful action on climate change can't wait. president obama explains why in this @nytimes interview. we need to keep up efforts to fight climate change at every level—locally, nationally, globally. #actonclimate rt @factsonclimate: breaking: a new strategy to harness the power of wind means more jobs, less pollution:  senate leaders are back in session. keep the pressure high—call out their obstructionism.  #doyourjobthere's no need to overcomplicate the process. #doyourjob we must take bold steps now—climate change is already impacting millions of people.  #actonclimatecongress is back, and they have important work to do before their next recess. make sure you say where you stand: rt @vplive: "every nominee, including kennedy in an election year—got an up or down vote" —@vp on serving as senate judiciary chairman or r…stay in the loop with important facts. join @ofa's truth team:  rising sea levels are already flooding homes and roads along america's coasts. the time to #actonclimate is now. fewer americans are uninsured than ever before, thanks to #obamacare. congress is back from recess. help put the pressure on senate leaders to give judge garland a hearing:  #doyourjobthe process is clear. the supreme court and american people are waiting for senate leaders to get to work. senate leaders have  days before their next recess to give judge garland a hearing and a vote. call them out now: the paris climate agreement is a big deal in the fight against climate change—and now, a big step closer to reality. the united states is leading the way in the fight to #actonclimate. conservation not only protects diverse lands and species, it's also an important part of battling climate change. "when we protect our lands, it helps us protect the climate for the future." —president obama #actonclimate president obama has a message for america's workers today—check it out:  #laborday in the weekly address, president obama commemorates the labor movement that helped build this country. rt @whitehouse: it's official: the u.s. and china have entered into the #parisagreement:  recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for senate leaders to do their jobs. when americans stand together, there's no challenge too great to solve—not even climate change. #actonclimate today: "unemployment: ⬇deficits: ⬇uninsured rate: ⬇jobs: +. million it's been a long road, but we're far better off than we were eight years ago. the economy added , jobs in august—extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.senate leaders return from recess next week. they need to get to work on a vote for judge garland—say so.  #doyourjobrecess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for senate leaders to do their jobs. rt @whitehouse: "there's no conflict between a healthy economy and a healthy planet." —@potus  stay in the loop with important facts, brought to you weekly. join @ofa's truth team: senate leaders need to hear you expect a vote on judge garland when recess ends—say you'll let them know:  #doyourjobwe can't afford to have a supreme court that's short-handed. here's why: the american people need their legislators to be dedicated to solutions, not obstruction. #doyourjob senate leaders have a job to do—join the thousands reminding them when they reconvene next week.  #doyourjobrt @whitehouse: .@potus cannot do it alone. congress must act to enact a fairer federal sentencing system:  summer's almost over, senate leaders. #doyourjob have meaningful, fact-based conversations. join ofa's truth team:  show off your pride in this movement—grab your organizing&amp; tee:  senate leaders must put country before party politics. read why it's time to give judge garland a vote. it's not too late for senate leaders to give judge garland a fair hearing and up-or-down vote. say you agree. obstruction—especially when it comes to the supreme court—is nothing to be proud of, @senatemajldr. #doyourjob president obama continues his track record of protecting millions of acres of federal land and water. take a look: speaking up is the first step. let's build on our progress one conversation at a time. #womensequalityday say you'll continue the fight to make gender equality a reality in america:  #womensequalitydaywe've come a long way, but there's still more to do to make sure women are truly treated equally. #womensequalityday organize for change in your community, and look good doing it.  "these are our american cathedrals, and they belong to you." —jonathan b. jarvis, director of the @natlparkservice happy th birthday, @natlparkservice. here's to the next . #nps rt @secretaryjewell: .@natlparkservice 💯 bday is a great time to look to next century—connecting all americans to parks &amp; conservation.sj h…we need nine supreme court justices. the senate needs to do its job and vote on judge garland:  #doyourjobthis is nothing more than shameless partisanship. the supreme court should be held in higher regard. #doyourjob get important news delivered straight to your inbox—join the @ofa truth team: rhode island just built america's first offshore wind farm, which will create clean energy and fight climate change. america's leadership in the fight against climate change pays off in more ways than one. #actonclimate rt @whitehouse: "what i want the people of louisiana to know is this—you’re not alone."—@potus:  we can't wait any longer to restore our supreme court to full capacity. tell senate leaders: it's time for a vote. the supreme court isn't some partisan football to be kicked around. senate leaders should stop treating it like one. read why the supreme court needs nine justices, not shameless partisanship. get the facts. cut through the noise with the @ofa truth team:  "we’ve protected more than  million acres of public lands and waters." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama commemorates the th anniversary of the @natlparkservice. another record broken.  #actonclimateour children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. speak out now: climate change is not too big of a challenge to solve. we're making good headway. #actonclimate “each month just gives another data point that makes the evidence stronger that we’re changing the climate.” fifteen months in a row of record-breaking heat is a signal that can't be denied: we need to #actonclimate. get the facts, not the fluff—join the ofa truth team: carry what you need while organizing for change.  new standards for heavy-duty trucks will cut . billion metric tons of carbon pollution through . call on congress to #disarmhate. add your name to support common-sense gun legislation: we shouldn't accept this as normal. #disarmhate doing nothing won't stop our country's gun violence epidemic. congress must act to #disarmhate. rt @whitehouse: here's how today's new actions will spur innovation and promote more efficient vehicles:  we’re taking important steps to help guarantee the basic security of paid family leave.  #leadonleavesenate leaders must stop obstructing our supreme court. take a stand and show your support.  #doyourjobreminder: it's the senate's job to fairly consider supreme court nominees. #doyourjob today, thousands of young dreamers are able to fully contribute to our communities and our economy. judge garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. add your voice and show your support:  #doyourjobit’s not too late. senate leaders can still make this right and give judge garland an up-or-down vote. editorial boards around the country agree: our judicial system is too important to be used as a political football. "there's no doubt that america has become a global leader in the fight against climate change." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses progress made in combating climate change—and what's left to do. let's be clear: senate leaders are playing political games with the supreme court. #doyourjob the clean power plan will improve the future health and well-being of our children and families. #actonclimate not long ago, women could be charged more for health insurance—for being women. there's more to do:  #standwithwomenequality isn't a zero-sum game. five months is long enough. it's time for a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. senate leaders continue to obstruct a full supreme court and it must stop—add your name if you agree:  #doyourjobread what major news outlets are saying about the critical need for a fully functioning supreme court: " million more insured ✔️  million new jobs ✔️ a global climate agreement ✔️ let's keep it going: don't let misinformation go unchallenged. join the @ofa truth team and get the facts to fight back: being cynical is easy. it's having hope in the face of adversity that's hard—but essential. grab one of these for all your progressive organizing travels.  don't let the cynics win. keep pushing for change with @ofa. we've accomplished so much as a movement—and it's thanks to the power of organizing. judge garland has now waited  days. that's shameful—and irresponsible. #doyourjob senate leaders are hamstringing our supreme court. this obstruction is unprecedented—and unacceptable:  #doyourjobeditorial boards from across the country have called on senate leaders to fill the supreme court vacancy. rt @whitehouse: watch @potus and @flotus share their favorite olympic memories—and cheer on #teamusa:  president obama has done more to improve energy efficiency than any previous u.s. leader.  #actonclimateadding clean energy jobs is another way the u.s. is continuing to #actonclimate. show your support for bold action to fight climate change.  #actonclimateamericans across the country agree that we need bold action in the fight against climate change. #actonclimate these extreme records aren't a fluke—climate change is largely caused by human activity.  #actonclimate"team usa reminds the world why america always sets the gold standard." —president obama president obama reflects on his experience as a feminist—and his hopes to continue building toward gender equality. rt @whitehouse: fact: wages are rising at the fastest pace in  years →  #jobsreport today's jobs report underscores what we know to be true: america's economy is the strongest in the world. this is a good thing for american workers and businesses—but there's more work to do. our economy is continuing its comeback. let's keep up the progress. the economy added , jobs in july—a record-breaking  months of private-sector job growth.it’s president obama’s last birthday in office—​d​on’t forget to sign ​the card. keep that smile going strong. wish president obama a happy th birthday today:  make president obama's last birthday in office extra special. sign the card:  #tbt the clean power plan is one of the biggest steps forward in the fight to #actonclimate. one last birthday as organizer-in-chief. help make it a good one—sign the card now:  "birthday game: stronger. wish president obama a happy th.  from the clean power plan to the paris climate agreement, the u.s. is leading the way in the fight to #actonclimate. don't sleep on this—the president's birthday is tomorrow. sign the card now:  today is the one-year anniversary of the clean power plan—show your support in the fight to #actonclimate. the clean power plan will cut carbon pollution from power plants by  percent by . #actonclimate show president obama some love on his th birthday—sign the birthday card.  "step : sign president obama's birthday card. step : celebrate.  senate leaders are weakening our highest court by refusing to vote on judge garland.  #doyourjobit has been a record-breaking  days since judge garland was nominated and still no hearing or vote. #doyourjob "supreme court seats: current number of justices: number of hearings/votes on president obama's nominee:  is turning . celebrate—sign the card. judge garland should get a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote from the senate. speak out.  #doyourjobthe supreme court still needs a ninth justice, but senate leaders are still refusing to do their jobs. #doyourjob ? may be time for some new material. join @ofa in wishing president obama happy birthday.  keep up with the issues that matter to you. spread the facts. join the @ofa truth team.  "we all have to do our job. the president has done his. senate republicans must do theirs." —@vp biden  #doyourjob🎶 sign the card and wish president obama a happy birthday. 🎶  in the weekly address, retired federal judge timothy lewis joins @vp biden to discuss the #scotus vacancy. before their obstruction of president obama's nominee, these six senators voted to confirm judge garland. add your name if you think the supreme court is no place for partisan political games:  #doyourjobit's been a record-breaking  days since president obama nominated judge garland. the obstruction must end. help president obama celebrate his th birthday by signing @ofa's card today:  our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. speak out now: wildfire seasons are getting longer, more dangerous, and more expensive. we need to do more to #actonclimate. fighting for progress never goes out of style. get your @ofa classic tee:  it's time to offer serious solutions on how to build on #obamacare's progress—not take it away. we've made a lot of progress, but there's still more work to do. thanks to #obamacare, millions of americans have gained the coverage they need. say you're proud. six years later, and republican leaders still have no credible #obamacare alternative. it's the mark of the movement—wear it proud. get yours today:  judge garland is a well qualified nominee. senate leaders' refusal to even give him a hearing is unacceptable. let's be clear: #obamacare is working and helping millions of americans.  percent of climate scientists agree—climate change is real and man-made. stand up for bold action:  #actonclimateit's easy to be cynical, but there's no challenge we can't overcome. #actonclimate add your name if you think we need common-sense legislation to prevent gun violence.  #disarmhateactively ignoring this epidemic is unacceptable. congress has to act. #disarmhate rt @factsonclimate: announcing the sequel to the #parisagreement — "the most significant action this year" to reduce global warming: add your name if you believe senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the supreme court vacancy. restoring the supreme court to full strength must remain above senate leaders' petty politics. #doyourjob the federal minimum wage hasn't been raised since . $. isn't enough to make ends meet—we need to #raisethewage."our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis." —president obama in the weekly address, @senwarren joins president obama to discuss economic progress and wall street reform. add your name if you believe senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the supreme court vacancy: a reminder for senate leaders: judge garland has had strong bipartisan support in the past. #doyourjob ida is one of the millions of people getting new opportunities to go solar and save money. find out more: our economy is making real progress. by almost every economic measure, our economy is better off than it was eight years ago. america’s businesses have created more than  million new private-sector jobs over  straight months. for three years in a row, heat records have been broken across the globe. we have to #actonclimate now. rt @whitehouse: fact: since @potus took office more than , workers have been trained to enter the solar industry #actonclimate make your voice heard: the senate must fill the vacancy on the supreme court.  #doyourjobtoday marks  days since judge garland's nomination—the longest time in history from nomination to confirmation. editorial boards across the country are calling on senate leaders to fill the supreme court vacancy. read more: the majority of americans believe judge garland should get a fair hearing—add your name if you agree.  #doyourjobread president obama's op-ed in the @wsj on the need for senate leaders to fill the #scotus vacancy:  #doyourjobhappening now: president obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in baton rouge. happening now: president obama is delivering remarks at the diplomatic corps reception. tonight: president obama joins a town hall discussion on communities and policing. watch at  p.m. et on @abc: stay in touch with the latest news—join the @ofa truth team:  check out @vp biden on the supreme court vacancy and senate republicans’ continued obstruction.  #doyourjobwatch president obama deliver remarks at the #dallasmemorial service yesterday. president obama is delivering remarks at an interfaith memorial service for the fallen police officers in dallas. at : p.m. et, president obama will be speaking at a memorial service for the fallen police officers in dallas. rt @whitehouse: "we stand united with the people and the police department in dallas." —@potus on last night's attack in #dallas: rt @whitehouse: at :pm et, @potus will speak on the reports of police shootings in louisiana and minnesota. tune in: happy fourth of july. "just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if we all lived a little more like elie wiesel." —president obamawatch president obama share a #fourthofjuly message in the weekly address. millions of americans believe the senate should hold a fair hearing for judge garland. are you one of them? nationwide, editorial boards agree that senate leaders should get to work and hold a fair hearing for judge garland. chicago raising its minimum wage is another reminder: congress needs to keep up and #raisethewage for hard-working americans nationwide.congrats to chicago and all those who fought to #raisethewage. boosting paychecks for hard-working americans is the right thing to do.don't let the facts get drowned out. join the ofa truth team today:  since #obamacare passed, health care spending has been slowing—and the uninsured rate is down to an all-time low. quick—you're running out of time to chip in before the fundraising deadline.  we can do more than thoughts, prayers, and moments of silence. add your voice to call on congress to #disarmhate. stretch it out and get ready—the fundraising deadline is tonight.  an overwhelming majority of americans agree—congress needs to act. #disarmhate reach out and help build this movement—pitch in:  after monday's #scotus ruling, more unconstitutional restrictions on women's reproductive rights are falling. add your name if you agree: climate change is real and it's going to take global action to tackle it.  #actonclimatea new historic goal in the fight to #actonclimate. speak up and demand that congress act on gun violence prevention:  #disarmhateenough has been enough for a long time. congress needs to vote on sensible gun legislation now. #disarmhate congratulations to d.c., and thanks to mayor bowser and the d.c. council for fighting to #raisethewage. "she outworked her rivals ... and became a role model to millions of americans—including our two daughters." —president obama on pat summittyou don't need super powers to help push progress forward. chip in today:  rt @secretaryjewell: today we celebrate stonewall national monument &amp; all those who made the st lgbt monument possible.sj #findyourpark ht…today's #scotus ruling reaffirms that every woman has a right to make her own reproductive choices. say you'll keep fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices. the supreme court just struck down texas' overly restrictive abortion laws—a win for women's reproductive rights. rt @ppact: this is a win for texans &amp; women across the country who need access to abortion.  #mydecision love only wins when people like you stand up and fight for it. are you in?  #loveislovewe must keep working toward an america free from discrimination against lgbt individuals. #loveislove president obama designates the first national monument honoring the lgbt rights movement.  #loveislovewear your love with pride.  #loveislove "we can’t rest. we’ve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." —president obama marriage equality is one year old. but we still have a long way to go for full equality. #loveislove stand in solidarity with lgbt americans—add your name.  #loveislovewe've made enormous progress toward full equality for lgbt americans. let's keep it going. #loveislove in the weekly address, president obama discusses the stonewall inn's significance and the ongoing push for progress: take a look: @vp biden discusses what - decisions—like yesterday's on immigration—mean for our country. from gun violence prevention to lgbt rights, this grassroots movement is fighting for progress. show your support: "stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for lgbt rights." —president obama "a few words used by leading legal minds to describe judge garland:phenomenalexceptionally brightfair-minded think the senate should give judge garland a fair hearing? add your voice:  #doyourjobbecause senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the supreme court cannot properly do its job. #doyourjob speak up and demand that congress act on gun violence prevention:  #disarmhatecongress: listen to the millions of voices demanding a vote on efforts to reduce gun violence. #disarmhate our immigration system is broken, and we need congress for a long-term solution—speak up for #immigrationaction: "rt @whitehouse: watch → @potus on why today's #scotus decision sets us back even furtheron immigration reform: live: president obama is speaking about today's supreme court immigration ruling.  #immigrationactionwe need more than moments of silence. we need action. and that's what's going on in the house now:  #nobillnobreakrt @vp: always the keeper of the nation's conscience at times of challenge and controversy. thank you, john lewis. rt @repjohnlewis: my colleagues &amp; i have had enough. we are sitting-in on the house floor until we get a vote to address gun violence. the kind of obstruction we're seeing from senate leaders is unprecedented. #doyourjob if you're one of the millions of americans who believes judge garland should get a fair hearing, add your voice: judge merrick garland just received the american bar association's highest rating: say you support decisive action to tackle climate change.  #actonclimateclean energy is here to stay. "there's something sacred about this place." —president obama on yosemite national park rt @potus: gun violence requires more than moments of silence. it requires action. in failing that test, the senate failed the american peo…staying informed is too important leave to chance. join the @ofa truth team today:  join @vj on a conference call to discuss efforts we can take to help reduce gun violence. take a look at president obama's interview with @natgeo on national parks, climate change and more. "to me, fatherhood means being there." —president obama happy father's day to all the dads out there. in the weekly address, the president talks about setting examples for children in light of tragedies like orlando. rt @whitehouse: "these parks belong to all of us. this planet belongs to all of us. it’s the only one we’ve got" —@potus in yosemite president obama has taken unprecedented steps to protect our land and water for future generations. this week, people all over the world came together to stand with the lgbt community—take a look: rt @vp: taking steps to reduce gun violence worth doing if it could save one life. but it could save far more. finish this. rt @whitehouse: today @potus &amp; @vp visited orlando. watch the president give remarks after meeting with the families of the victims: #orlandounited rt @whitehouse: "in the face of hate and violence, we will love one another. we will not give into fear." —@potus rt @whitehouse: at :pm et, @potus will deliver a statement on the tragic shooting in #orlando. watch live: """minds open. hearts change. america shifts."" —president obama #pride today, #loveislove in all  states. but millions of americans are still fighting to end discrimination—join them: this is how you slow jam the news:  #potusonfallonrt @fallontonight: .@potus and @jimmyfallon slow jam the news  #potusonfallon #fallontonight watch president obama slow jam the news on @fallontonight at : p.m. et. #potusonfallon be proud of how far we've come—and continue to push for progress. #loveislove senate leaders' refusal to give judge garland a fair hearing is pure politics. #doyourjob your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote to fill the vacancy on the supreme court matters: senate leaders' politicization of the supreme court is "unconscionable."  #doyourjoblove looks good on you. wear it with pride:  #loveislove this month and every month. #loveislove "unemployment rate ⬇federal deficit ⬇uninsured rate ⬇ watch as president obama tackles four common myths about our economy. former energy secretary @govrichardson: why the #tpp will make a difference in fighting climate change. "rt @flotus: together, we are stronger. together we can change tomorrow. stand with us:  #stateofwomen"we pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace." —president obama #ripmuhammadalithe supreme court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. add your name if you agree: it's time for senate leaders to end the obstruction of our supreme court. #doyourjob make sure you have all the facts—sign up to be part of the @ofa truth team.  this is the largest annual global increase in renewable power capacity—ever:  #actonclimatewatch: this is why people across the country have decided to #wearorange today. gun violence takes too many lives in our country. congress must do something about it—add your name if you agree: this national gun violence awareness day, keep the pressure on congress to act. #wearorange "the noise around gun violence is loud.but we can be louder.#wearorange join the thousands of people calling on congress to do something about gun violence—add your name:  #wearorangegun violence takes far too many lives in america. congress needs to act. #wearorange rt @potus: we cannot accept our level of gun violence as the new normal. we must take action to prevent this from happening again &amp; again.…last chance: keep calm and enter before the midnight deadline.  "rt @everytown: june  is almost here!how are you going to #wearorange tomorrow? speak out against gun violence—#wearorange tomorrow. don't miss your chance to meet president obama this summer. enter before tonight's deadline: rt @whitehouse: “our deficits haven’t grown these past seven and a half years; we’ve cut them by almost %.” —@potus this is progress—but there's still more work to do to make sure our economy works for everybody. live: president obama is speaking in elkhart, indiana, highlighting america's economic progress. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak in elkhart, indiana—seven years after his first visit. "make the choice to do some good in the world." watch judge garland speak to high school seniors at his alma mater: you don't want to miss out on this opportunity—enter now before tonight's deadline.  suit up—enter for a chance to meet president obama before the deadline.  the supreme court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. add your name if you agree: because some senate leaders won't do their jobs, the supreme court can't fully do its job. #doyourjob share a laugh with president obama—enter now for your chance.  "today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." —president obama "this memorial weekend, i hope you’ll join me in acts of remembrance." —president obama rt @scotusnom: it's graduation day at niles west high school! watch judge garland speak live at pm et:  a new survey shows that the overwhelming majority of #obamacare customers are satisfied with their plans: join the @ofa truth team and help set the record straight on issues you care about:  enter now for the chance to get some pointers from the commander-in-chief.  stand up for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for judge merrick garland: "judge garland:independent mind ✓highly qualified ✓has had bipartisan support ✓senate leaders: #doyourjob tell your friends you fist bumped president obama—enter now for your chance.  senate leaders' obstruction of our supreme court is completely unprecedented. #doyourjob senate leaders need to stop obstructing our supreme court—add your name if you agree:  #doyourjobjudge garland was confirmed with bipartisan support in the past. he deserves a fair hearing. #doyourjob get some face time with president obama. enter now for your chance to meet him:  if you think senate leaders should do their jobs and fill the #scotus vacancy, add your name now: don't pass this up—enter now:  "people want senate to act on supreme court vacancy." see what editorial boards are saying:  #doyourjobever wished you could meet president obama? here's your chance.  judge garland has one of the most impressive resumes of any supreme court nominee in recent history. you don't want to miss out on this chance. enter today:  editorial boards to senators: #doyourjob and fill the supreme court vacancy. president obama did his job, now it's time for the senate to fulfill its duties—say you agree:  #doyourjobon average, it's taken  days to confirm supreme court nominees since . #doyourjob "this week my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay they’ve earned." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses expanding #overtime for millions of american workers: this summer, you and a friend could meet president obama. here's how: check out editorials from across the country calling on senators to fill the supreme court vacancy:  #doyourjobeditorial boards across the country are telling senate leaders: #doyourjob. despite judge garland's qualifications, some senate leaders still refuse to give him a hearing—speak out: the uninsured rate just hit . percent—the lowest ever recorded. don't miss this:  thanks to the new #overtime rule, millions of hard-working americans will have more economic security. stand up for middle-class workers—add your name to support the obama administration's new #overtime rule: marriage equality? affordable health care? or economic progress? tell him in person:  rt @whitehouse: today we're updating and strengthening #overtime pay rules to make sure millions more americans are paid fairly. add your name if you support the obama administration's new #overtime rule that expands protections for millions: live: @vp biden is speaking about the economy at @jenisicecreams headquarters in ohio. this is a big day for millions of middle-class workers. live: senate judiciary democrats are holding a forum on judge merrick garland. rt @whitehouse: breaking: @potus is taking an important step on #overtime to ensure your work is rewarded →  here's your chance: tell president obama what you're most thankful for—in person.  judge garland's former clerks have a lot to say about his record, work-life balance, and more—take a look: senate leaders are continuing to obstruct a fair hearing for judge garland—help put the pressure on:  #doyourjobit's time for senate leaders to put politics aside and fill the supreme court vacancy. #doyourjob april was the seventh consecutive month of record-high temperatures. we need to #actonclimate. think senate leaders should do their jobs and give judge garland a fair hearing? add your name:  #doyourjoblive: president obama is speaking with @buzzfeed about his #scotus nominee, judge merrick garland. rt @buzzfeed: tune in this afternoon as @chrisgeidner interviews president obama live from the white house on fb live and youtube! we need to lead this fight. #actonclimate change happens because people like you fight to make it happen. show your support for continued efforts to tackle climate change:  #actonclimateread more about the historic new standards in place to reduce methane pollution: senate leaders should listen to the american people. #doyourjob say you support a fair #scotus nomination process—speak up now: find out what judge merrick garland's former clerks have to say about his record as a public servant: editorial boards are speaking up on the #scotus vacancy. here's what they're saying:  #doyourjobadd your name if you support big steps forward in the fight to tackle climate change:  #actonclimatethe obama administration just finalized standards to cut methane pollution and improve public health. #actonclimate we can't afford to have a key part of our democracy understaffed. we need nine justices. #doyourjob the senate should give president obama's supreme court nominee a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. #doyourjob add your voice to the push for a fair supreme court nomination process:  #doyourjob here's where editorial boards across the country stand when it comes to the #scotus vacancy:  #doyourjobsenate leaders: #doyourjob and give judge garland the fair hearing he deserves. rt @scotusnom: like the #scotus nominees before him, judge garland filled out a questionnaire for senators:  join the hundreds of thousands of people calling on senate leaders to give judge garland a fair hearing: judge garland has impeccable credentials—he deserves a fair hearing from the senate. #doyourjob add your name if you agree: we need a full supreme court bench for a functioning democracy.  #doyourjobpartisan obstructionism shouldn't hold back our supreme court. #doyourjob president obama has a message for @ofa supporters on the work ahead: "this mother’s day, say thank you. say, 'i love you.'" —president obama add your name if you think senate leaders need to stop obstructing our supreme court:  #doyourjobrt @whitehouse: “the economy has been growing, unemployment has been falling, and wages have been rising” —@potus  consecutive months—more than six years—of private-sector job growth. let's keep up the progress. live: president obama is speaking about the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency. the economy added , jobs in april—a record-breaking  months of private-sector job growth.president obama just granted clemency to  men and women who've earned a second chance:  #fixthesystemsay that senate leaders should stop hiding behind excuses and give judge garland a fair hearing:  #doyourjobcheck out president obama's latest message to @ofa supporters and volunteers: rt @whitehouse: "a young girl shouldn't have to go to washington to be heard." —@potus on -year-old mari:  president obama: when american workers and businesses compete on a level playing field, no one can beat us. live: president obama is speaking at northwestern high school in flint, michigan. retweet if you agree. #doyourjob make your voice heard on a fair #scotus nomination process—add your name today:  #doyourjoblive: president obama honors the  national teacher of the year. good climate change policy and good economic policy can go hand in hand. #actonclimate american workers deserve a trade agreement that works for them. check out president obama's op-ed on #tpp: the united states just hit one million solar installations—enough to power . million homes. #millionsolarstrongsay you're one of the majority of americans who want senate leaders to give judge garland a fair hearing.  #doyourjobbuilding a clean energy economy is a great way to #actonclimate for people across the country. read what editorial boards across the country have to say about the #scotus vacancy: it's unacceptable for obstructionists in the senate to play political games with the supreme court. say you agree: """and with that, i just have two more words to say—obama out."" —president obama at the #whcddon't miss this: watch "couch commander" president obama at last night's #whcd: live: president obama is speaking at the #whcd. tune in at : p.m. et to watch "comedian-in-chief" president obama at the #whcd: "poll after poll shows a majority of americans think senate republicans should do their job." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama has a simple message for senate republicans: #doyourjob. senate leaders need to do their jobs and fill the #scotus vacancy. #doyourjob clean air makes for healthier and safer communities. #actonclimate hundreds of thousands of americans are calling on senate leaders to fill the #scotus vacancy—join them: it's been more than  days since judge garland was nominated. senate leaders: #doyourjob. don't let climate change deniers jeopardize the progress we've made toward a safer, healthier future. call them out: fighting climate change will save americans money at the gas pump. #actonclimate add your name if you support global efforts to tackle climate change: watch professor obama take obstructionists in the senate back to school with #scotus . #doyourjob for the health of our children and grandchildren, we have to #actonclimate. the senate should uphold its constitutional duty and give judge garland a fair hearing. add your name if you agree: watch: professor obama has a #scotus lesson for obstructionists in the senate. #doyourjob "not to let the constitution function is totally irresponsible and it's never happened like this before." —@vp don't let climate change deniers derail progress—show your support for bold action on climate change:  #actonclimatethe fight to tackle climate change took a big step on friday with hundreds of countries signing the #parisagreement. icymi: the u.s. and more than  other nations just signed the #parisagreement—the first ever global climate deal. we all play a part in helping to stop gun violence. do your part—#wearorange on june . we're already seeing the effects of climate change. denial is unacceptable. #actonclimate show your support for bold moves to combat climate change—add your name:  #actonclimatecarbon pollution is the biggest contributor to climate change—and president obama is taking it head on. "we have criminal justice policies, including unfair sentencing laws, that need to be reformed." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama talks about his efforts to improve our criminal justice system.  #fixthesystem"from our family to yours, chag sameach." —president obama #passoverhappy #earthday. rt @vancityreynolds: huge day for our great green spinning chunk of awesome. thank you world leaders for taking #climateaction. we can tackle climate change—but it's going to take all of us working together. #actonclimate "rt @interior: healthy parks = healthy planet 🌎#earthday #actonclimate bold action on climate change matters. #actonclimate say you'll stand up for bold action to fight climate change:  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: “today, on #earthday, our governments, along with about  others, are in new york to sign that agreement.” —@potus the paris agreement is a big deal. #actonclimate rt @ofa: president obama is protecting our lands and waters for future generations. #nationalparkweek "'a strong spirit transcends rules,' prince once said—and nobody's spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative." —president obamapresident obama is investing in a more sustainable future. #actonclimate rt @whitehouse: .@vp breaks down why it's time for the senate republicans to give the president's @scotusnom a hearing. #doyourjob  we can't let climate change deniers derail progress—say you stand for bold action:  #actonclimatecontinuing to invest in clean energy like solar power is critical in the fight to #actonclimate. last year, wind energy generated enough electricity to power . million homes:  #actonclimateadd your name to support bold action to combat climate change:  #actonclimateclimate change is real—and it's devastating communities across the country. we have #actonclimate now. the wind energy industry keeps growing—here's the latest on its record-setting year:  #actonclimatestand up today for a fair supreme court nomination process:  #doyourjobhappy national park week. go #findyourpark today.  president obama's #immigrationaction could have a big economic impact. last month continued the streak of record-breaking global temperatures.  #actonclimatethis is unprecedented. #doyourjob show your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for judge merrick garland:  #doyourjobeditorial boards are making their voices heard on the #scotus nomination process. see what they're saying: add your name if you think the senate should give judge garland fair consideration:  see what editorial boards are saying about senate leaders' refusal to give judge garland a fair hearing: this kind of senate obstructionism is completely unprecedented. #doyourjob climate change means wildfires are now a continual threat in some parts of the country:  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: .@potus highlights a few of the young innovators at the #whsciencefair:  live: president obama is delivering remarks at the #whsciencefair. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak at the #whsciencefair: judge garland is highly qualified for the supreme court—he deserves a hearing.  #doyourjob read why having nine supreme court justices is critical for our judicial system:  #doyourjobit's time. #equalpayday "improving gender equality would add at least $. trillion to u.s. gross domestic product by ."  #equalpaydayretweet if you agree. #equalpayday stand up for equal pay—add your name now:  #equalpayday"i'm here to say we will close the wage gap." —president obama #equalpayday live: president obama is speaking about women's equality on #equalpayday. tune in at : a.m. et to watch as president obama designates a new national monument honoring women's equality: rt @whitehouse: on #equalpayday, @potus will designate a new national monument honoring women’s equality:  side by side. #nationalpetday "rt @scotusnom: icymi: @potus discusses what his hope is in the senate regarding his nominee, judge garland. (hint: #doyourjob) we cannot let political gridlock and dysfunction spread to our supreme court. it's time for the united states to #leadonleave—show your support if you agree: retweet if you believe it's time for the united states to #leadonleave. speak up for a fair hearing for judge merrick garland:  #doyourjobthis is unprecedented. #doyourjob add a comment if you agree: american workers shouldn't have to choose between their health and a paycheck. working families in america should have the basic security of paid sick leave. #leadonleave if you think judge merrick garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote, add your name:  #doyourjobrt @scotusnom: "why is it so hard for this guy to get a hearing and a vote?" —@potus on gop obstruction of #scotus nom. #doyourjob live: the president is at @uchicagolaw discussing why judge garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak about the #scotus nomination process at @uchicagolaw: read what a former @uchicagolaw student learned from professor obama:  show your support for the proposal to expand paid sick leave—add a comment today:  #leadonleavethe u.s. is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee paid sick leave—it's time to change that. #leadonleave the senate has more than enough time to give judge garland a fair up-or-down vote. #doyourjob rt @smlbizmajority: obama’s national monuments have been an economic boon for local economies  via @climateprogressadd your voice to the thousands calling on senate leaders to give judge merrick garland a fair hearing:  #doyourjobrt @factsonclimate: it's #publichealthweek. stay informed about how climate change could impact your health →  if we don't #actonclimate now, the sea level could rise by more than six feet by the end of the century: clean energy currently employs . million people in the united states. check it out:  #actonclimateten million workers in california and new york now have better economic security:  #raisethewagert @whitehouse: "we should keep building an economy where everybody has a fair shot, and everybody plays by the same rules." —@potus live: president obama is delivering a statement on the economy. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama deliver a statement about the economy: "supreme court struggles with just eight justices."  #doyourjoban overwhelming majority of americans want a fair #scotus nomination process—add your name if you're one of them: judge merrick garland received bipartisan support in the past. today should be no different. #doyourjob stay informed and get the facts with the @ofa truth team:  our economy is making real progress, but we have to keep fighting to make sure that it works for everybody. "another encouraging jobs report," as the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record continues. the united states of america has the strongest, most durable economy in the world—and it's getting better. the economy added , jobs in march—a record-breaking  months of private-sector job growth.this is it—your last chance to win a free trip to chicago to meet james taylor:  deadline: chip in to support this grassroots movement before midnight tonight.  you've got a friend that wants to meet james taylor? enter today and you could both be heading to chicago: "marriage equality. obamacare. a global climate agreement. push for more progress:  get weekly updates on everything from the #scotus nomination process to climate change:  calling all supporters—the fundraising deadline is here. do your part to chip in:  enjoy the tunes of james taylor in chicago this summer—enter before tomorrow's deadline:  time's almost up. pitch in before the deadline:  tell senate leaders to do their jobs and give judge garland a fair hearing:  #doyourjob make a play before the big fundraising deadline tomorrow—pitch in now:  "a free flight to chicago.a free hotel room.tickets to see the legendary james taylor.enter now: start your engines—the big fundraising deadline is coming up. chip in:  ever met a music legend? here's your chance—meet james taylor in chicago this summer:  judge merrick garland deserves fair consideration from the senate:  #doyourjob read president obama's op-ed on why judge merrick garland deserves a senate hearing:  #doyourjob"rt @vp: we all have to do our job -- including the u.s. senate.judge garland deserves a fair hearing. add your name for a chance to see james taylor perform live in chicago this summer:  live: president obama and @flotus are participating in the annual white house #eastereggroll. rt @whitehouse: watch how one of our oldest traditions, the white house #eastereggroll, has evolved over the past  years. "we wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful easter." —president obama "michelle and i join our fellow christians in observing good friday and celebrating easter this weekend." —president obama #goodfridayfollow @weneednine for updates on the fight to fill the supreme court vacancy. #ffrt @ofa: when the @vp was chairman of the senate judiciary committee, every single #scotus nominee got a hearing and a vote. tell senate leaders to do their jobs and give judge garland a fair hearing:  #doyourjob judge garland is a highly qualified nominee to fill the #scotus vacancy. senators, it's time to #doyourjob. "i believe judge garland is exactly the kind of judge we need on the supreme court." —president obama  #doyourjobjudge garland deserves fair consideration from the senate. #doyourjob join @ofa in calling on senate leaders to give judge garland a fair hearing and a timely vote:  #doyourjobthe support for a fair hearing for judge garland is growing. #doyourjob live: @vp biden is urging the senate to give judge merrick garland a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote. tune in at : p.m. et to see @vp biden speak about why fair consideration for judge garland is so important: it's a paws-itively beautiful day. #nationalpuppyday obamacare: giving young adults (and their parents) peace of mind since . obamacare is here to stay. rt @secburwell: because of the #aca, insurance is better for everyone, no matter where it’s purchased.  #acaannivers…rt @ceachair: cbo estimates imply that the #aca will cut the deficit by over $ trillion in the next two decades. " million americans covered: ✔ in  americans now have health insurance: ✔lowest uninsured rate on record: ✔ on the sixth anniversary of #obamacare, stand with @ofa and say you'll keep fighting for affordable health care: rt @whitehouse: "the thoughts and prayers of the american people are with the people of belgium" —@potus on the attacks in #brussels want to meet james taylor in chicago? enter today for your chance:  judge merrick garland deserves fair consideration from the senate. #doyourjob tell senate leaders: your constituents expect you to #doyourjob.  "give judge garland the respect he has earned. give him a hearing. give him an up-or-down vote." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama urges the senate to give judge garland a fair hearing and timely vote: read from @business editorial board on why judge merrick garland deserves a fair hearing: check out how @ofa supporters are calling for a fair #scotus hearing and timely up-or-down vote: retweet if you believe judge merrick garland deserves fair consideration. #doyourjobfriday make your voice heard on a fair #scotus nomination process for judge merrick garland: happy #stpatricksday. yesterday president obama revealed his march madness bracket. check it out:  #baracketologypresident obama took his constitutional duty seriously and nominated a well qualified #scotusnominee. judge garland is a qualified #scotusnominee with past bipartisan approval—show your support:  rt @whitehouse: "he is the right man for the job. he deserves to be confirmed." —@potus on his #scotusnominee merrick garland judge merrick garland deserves a fair hearing and a timely vote. #scotusnominee happening now: president obama is announcing his nominee to fill the #scotus vacancy. tune in at  a.m. et to watch president obama announce his #scotusnominee: senate leaders shouldn't hold up the supreme court nomination process—sign the petition: these editorials explain why the senate must do its job and hold fair #scotus nomination hearings:  #doyourjobthis february was so hot that it shattered global records. check it out:  #actonclimatethere's a lot of misinformation out there—help spread the facts with the @ofa truth team:  happy #piday. by a margin of nearly -to-, americans believe the senate should hold hearings on a #scotus nominee: refusing to even meet with a #scotus nominee has no basis in the constitution. #doyourjob if you think the senate should give president obama's #scotus nominee a fair hearing, add your name:  #doyourjob"rt @whitehouse: ""we avoided a great depression. thanks, obama.""—@potus #sxsw live: president obama is participating in a #sxsw panel on civic engagement and technology. the senate should fairly consider a #scotus nominee—sign the petition if you agree:  not caught up on the supreme court vacancy? read what editorial boards around the country are saying:  #doyourjobthe united states and canada are joining together to reduce methane pollution. read more:  #actonclimatert @factsonclimate: "canada is joining us in our aggressive goal to bring down methane emissions in the oil and gas sector" —@potus refusing to hold a hearing on a presidential nominee is unprecedented. tell senate leaders: #doyourjob rt @whitehouse: "i'm going to do my job and then my expectation is going to be will the senate do its job" —@potus #scotus senators on the judiciary committee have demanded a vote on judicial nominees  times. here's a list:  #doyourjob"under my chairmanship, every supreme court nominee was given a hearing and a vote in the judiciary committee." —@vp rt @whitehouse: vermont just took the #leadonleave so families won't have to choose between their job and the family they love. add your name if you think the senate should do its job:  #doyourjob "senate needs to think and vote." see what editorials boards are saying about the supreme court nomination: rt @flotus: #onedayiwill see a world where every child can go to school and fulfill their boundless potential. #iwd the president is going to nominate a qualified supreme court justice—tell senate leaders to do their jobs: from @vp biden: why the senate shouldn't hold back the #scotus nomination process. we've come a long way on women's equality, but there's still so much work to be done. #internationalwomensday "u.s. solar seems poised for not just a record year but perhaps a blowout year." get the numbers:  #actonclimate"if selma taught us anything, it’s that our work is never done." —president obama #selma refusing to hold hearings for a president's #scotus nominee has never happened before. there is no excuse to delay the #scotus nomination—add your name to @ofa's petition if you agree: most americans agree that the senate should do its job and give the #scotus nominee a fair hearing:  #doyourjobrt @whitehouse: "we remain grateful for nancy reagan's life" —@potus and @flotus:  a well-qualified #scotus nominee deserves a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.  #doyourjobtake a look at what editorial boards across the country think of the senate refusing to do its job:  #doyourjobit's the senate's duty to fairly consider the president's #scotus nominee—and there's plenty of time to do so. february's , new jobs mean the american economy has been creating jobs for six straight years. the american economy continues its comeback. the economy added , jobs in february—a record-breaking six straight years of private-sector job growth.the majority of americans agree that president obama should nominate someone to fill the #scotus vacancy: rt @whitehouse: breaking:  million more americans now know the security of health insurance thanks to the affordable care act. live: president obama is celebrating milwaukee's victory in the healthy communities challenge. sign the petition—join the thousands of voices speaking up for a fair supreme court nomination process:  #doyourjobtune in at : p.m. et to see president obama congratulate milwaukee on winning the healthy communities challenge. this is what a consensus looks like. #doyourjob "rt @whitehouse: good news: oregon just raised its minimum wage. rt if you agree it's time to #raisethewage for all americans. deliberately creating partisan gridlock is not the way our democracy should work. #doyourjob the obstruction of our supreme court is completely unprecedented. sign the petition telling the senate: #doyourjob. refusing to consider a #scotus nominee before one is even announced is irresponsible. #doyourjob rt @whitehouse: here's what @potus is doing to help women achieve their dreams:  #womenshistorymonth leaving a seat open on the supreme court for more than a year is irresponsible—sign the petition:  #doyourjobwe're seeing the fastest rise in sea-levels in nearly , years:  #actonclimateget the facts on everything from a fair #scotus nomination process to climate change:  today's the th birthday of the @peacecorps. thanks to all who have served across the globe. #peacecorpsweekit's the senate's duty to give the president's nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote. #doyourjob "one-third of all u.s. presidents appointed a supreme court justice in an election year."  (h/t @washingtonpost)sign @ofa's petition to let the senate know you demand a fair supreme court nomination process: live: president obama is presenting the medal of honor to senior chief special warfare operator edward byers. "rt @whitehouse: climate change ""is the most urgent threat facing our entire species.""rt if you agree with @leodicaprio. #oscars rt @vplive: "they. did. nothing. wrong." -@vp at #oscars #itsonusthanks to the #recoveryact, clean energy investments have created hundreds of thousands of jobs. our economy has come a long way, but there's more work to do—say you support common-sense economic policies: seven years ago, our economy was shedding nearly , jobs a day. we've come a long way. our economy has added  million jobs over the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record. live: president obama is highlighting the progress of the american economy. "rt @energy: it's been  years since @potus signed the #recoveryact. see how it shaped our #cleanenergy future. #actonclimatetune in at : p.m. et to see president obama speak about the economic progress we've made since the #recoveryact. tell the senate: stop playing games with our supreme court.  #doyourjobthe senate should fulfill its constitutional duty and fairly consider the president's nominee. #doyourjob add your name if you agree: failing to fill the supreme court vacancy for over a year is unacceptable.  #doyourjobretweet if you agree that we can't afford to play political games over the supreme court vacancy. #doyourjob the solar industry hit record growth last year, surpassing natural gas installations for the first time: "rt @whitehouse: .@potus nominates the first woman and first african-american to be librarian of congress: this kind of obstruction is unprecedented. tell senate leaders: #doyourjob sign @ofa's petition to let the senate know you demand a fair supreme court nomination process: president obama on his constitutional responsibility and the qualities he's looking for in his #scotus nominee: refusing to even consider the president's supreme court nominee is unprecedented. tell the senate: #doyourjob. with more than  days left in president obama's term, the senate has no excuse to delay. #doyourjob be part of the team debunking myths with facts—join the @ofa truth team:  live: president obama is delivering a statement from the roosevelt room. a fair judicial nomination process is important for a functioning democracy—read more: speak up for a fair nomination process and a timely vote by the senate—sign @ofa's petition:  #doyourjobthe senate should not play political games with our supreme court. "the senate also has a constitutional duty: to consider presidential nominees expeditiously."  (h/t @latimes)add your name to let the senate know: the supreme court is too important to be held hostage by partisan politics. rt @davidplouffe: my daughter getting "egged" on. she does things at her own pace. #obamaandkids rt @time: here's why everyone is sharing pictures of #obamaandkids gain the skills you need to turn a desire for change into impact—apply to be an @ofa fellow today: the impact of climate change in one gif:  #actonclimatethe longest streak of private-sector job growth, .% unemployment rate—middle-class economics is working. it's official: january  was the most abnormally warm month on record.  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: "for the third time as president, i get to say: give it up for the stanley cup champs – my hometown chicago blackhawks!" —@…read what @vp biden has to say about our economic comeback, thanks in part to the recovery act: in the past seven years, our economy has made real progress. rt @whitehouse: watch @potus explain why there's more than enough time for the senate to consider a #scotus nominee he presents. rt @whitehouse: shoutout to @kendricklamar and all the artists at the #grammys working to build a brighter future. #mybrotherskeeper this #valentines day, speak up for equality:  #loveisloveno matter who you are or whom you love, celebrate #valentines day with pride. #loveislove stand against discrimination—join the fight for equality.  #loveisloveretweet if you believe #loveislove. watch president obama thank @theellenshow for all she's done for the lgbt community:  #loveisloveread president obama's thoughts on climate change, technology, and #womeninstem:  thanks to president obama, future generations will still be able to explore—from sea to shining sea. #findyourpark president obama has protected more land and water than any of his predecessors—and he's not done yet:  #findyourparkrt @whitehouse: big news: @potus just protected . million acres of public lands in ca →  #findyourpark "rt @theellenshow: .@barackobama was here in , and tomorrow he’s barack. i mean back. #tbt @potusmarriage equality may be the law of the land, but there's more work to do to end discrimination. join the fight: show what you believe—get the #loveislove tee.  celebrate this valentine's day with pride, and no matter who you love, commit to ending discrimination. #loveislove "the fact is we’ve gotten a heck of a lot done these past seven years, despite the gridlock." —president obama live: president obama is speaking in springfield, illinois. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak to supporters in springfield, illinois: join the @ofa truth team and spread the facts on issues that matter:  say cheese. #nationalpizzaday rt @whitehouse: .@potus's final budget continues the fight to #actonclimate for future generations:  an increase in solar jobs is good for our economy and our environment. #actonclimate good news:  was another great year for clean energy growth.  #actonclimate"rt @cbsthismorning: watch: @potus and @flotus play @gayleking's game ""i love it when..."" during live interview ahead of #sb on @cbs!criminal justice reform is overdue. speak up for fairness—add your name:  #fixthesystemwe need to #fixthesystem. health care marketplace enrollment numbers are in, and it's good news. take a look:  #obamacare"the budget i will send to congress this tuesday will double funding for clean energy research." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses how the private-sector is helping in the fight to #actonclimate: last year was the second-best year for job creation since the late s—but there's more work to do. the economy continues a record-breaking streak of  straight months of private-sector job growth. read more: rt @whitehouse: "we've recovered from the worst economic crisis since the s." —@potus:  live: president obama is delivering a statement on the economy. middle-class economics is working. rt @whitehouse: breaking: nearly  million americans have signed up for private health coverage thanks to the affordable care act. "rt @funnyordie: dennis quaid &amp; amanda peet reveal the one thing more popular in america than taylor swift, dogs, and football.stand up for a smarter, fairer criminal justice system—add your name now:  #fixthesystemit's time to #fixthesystem. check out president obama's message to @ofa supporters on the importance of keeping up the fight for progress: everyone has to pitch in to #stopgunviolence, including the private sector. check out what @facebook just did. progress is not inevitable—it depends on hard work. say you'll fight for it:  live: president obama is speaking in baltimore. more than  attempts later, and congress is still wasting time and money trying to repeal or dismantle #obamacare. rt @whitehouse: good news: u.s. auto sales in january rose to the strongest rate since  →  show your organizing pride.  no fluff, just facts—that's the truth team way. join now:  there's just a few hours left to #getcovered for :  spread the word: today is the last day to #getcovered for .  #areyoucoveredtoday: the last day to check out your options and #getcovered. don't miss it.  rt @michellewkwan: just  day left to get #getcovered for  vist:  the end of the open enrollment is right around the corner—make sure your friends know how to #getcovered: rt @ofa: millions of families now have peace of mind thanks to #obamacare. say you'll fight for it:  have a worry-free weekend, and take care of this right now:  #getcovered there's still time to #getcovered—but hurry:  just two days left to get #getcovered for .  check out what president obama is doing to help advance #equalpay for women. add your name if you agree that equal work deserves #equalpay: seven years ago, president obama signed the lilly ledbetter fair pay act—a step forward. but the fight isn't over. live: president obama is speaking about the importance of #equalpay for women.  #standwithwomen"rt @whitehouse: rt the good news: we're taking new steps to advance #equalpay for women → tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak on the anniversary of the lilly ledbetter fair pay act. join the team that's fighting misinformation with facts:  don't miss this deadline:  #getcovered rt @djkhaled: major 🔑 alert! the deadline is january st! @whitehouse #wethebest  @barackobama bless up the open enrollment period ends on sunday—talk to your friends about how they can #getcovered: preventive care is free under obamacare. check out your options and #getcovered.  retweet to spread the word, and make sure your friends #getcovered.  it's not too late—get your vintage tee today.  scientists agree climate change is man-made—and we can do something about it.  #actonclimate"in our criminal justice system, the punishment should fit the crime." —president obama before sunday: #getcovered.  last night, president obama banned the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons. read more: health care reform has helped millions—join the team that's fighting to protect it.  a new study confirms that the #tpp will raise wages for american workers and grow our economy. time's running out to #getcovered before the january  deadline. check out your options:  take a look at president obama's latest common-sense step to help fight climate change:  #actonclimatejoin the millions who've enrolled in the new marketplace. the deadline is january :  fifteen of the  hottest years ever recorded have been in the st century. see for yourself:  #actonclimate"if you haven’t looked at your new coverage options, you’ve still got time to get covered." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama encourages people to check out their health care options and #getcovered: extreme voices in congress have tried to dismantle #obamacare more than  times—join the team that's fighting back: check ups: covered under obamacare.  #getcovered  percent of climate scientists agree: climate change is real and man-made. #actonclimate "the government should not intrude on private decisions made between a woman and her doctor." —president obama #roelive: president obama is speaking at the u.s. conference of mayors. be prepared for the cold. #getcovered today:  get the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance—#getcovered today:  "fighting climate change: ✔creating jobs: ✔the solar industry is booming. "the american auto industry is all the way back." —president obama #madeinamerica it's official: last year was the hottest year on record—by a very wide margin.  #actonclimatelive: president obama is speaking in detroit about the progress of the american auto industry. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama highlight the economic comeback of the auto industry: rt @whitehouse:  years ago, @potus bet big on rescuing the american auto industry. here's how it paid off:  shop around:  #getcovered read how @ofa organizers are sharing their personal stories to help #stopgunviolence: "rt @whitehouse: , pounds of enriched uranium = shipped out of iran. #irandeal american diplomacy has helped make the world safer and more secure through the #irandeal. read how: because of american diplomacy, all of iran's pathways to a nuclear weapon have been blocked. #irandeal "it is our mission to fulfill his vision of a nation devoted to rejecting bigotry in all its forms." —president obama #mlkdayhappy birthday, @flotus. thank you for all you do. "that’s when america works best—when everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama speaks about taking steps to modernize our unemployment insurance system. president obama announced a pause on new coal leases on federal lands—a step forward in the fight to #actonclimate: rt @whitehouse: "if you don't have health insurance on your job then you shouldn't be without coverage" —@potus #youtubeasksobama live: president obama is answering questions from @smartereveryday, @swooze, and @ingridnilsen.  #youtubeasksobamatune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama do an interview with three popular youtube creators: america now has the lowest uninsured rate on record thanks to #obamacare. repealing it doesn't make sense. icymi: more than  million people have enrolled in health care plans through the marketplace so far. deadline: check out your options today for coverage that begins on february .  #getcovered check out what @vp biden told a group of @ofa supporters yesterday: solar energy jobs have doubled in just five years.  #actonclimate"that’s the country we love. clear-eyed. big-hearted. undaunted by challenge." —president obama #sotu live: president obama is holding a town hall in louisiana on the progress americans have made and the path forward. tune in at : a.m. et to watch president obama participate in a town hall in baton rouge, louisiana: live: president obama is speaking in omaha about moving our country forward. live: @vp biden is speaking with @ofa supporters on the work ahead in . rsvp for @ofa's call with @vp biden at : p.m. et today. you don't want to miss it:  missed president obama's final #sotu last night? check out his full remarks. fired up from the #sotu? rsvp to hear @vp talk about the work ahead with @ofa supporters:  rt @whitehouse: the rd annual #bigblockofcheeseday is today! here's how you can participate:  fired up and ready to go? join the movement:  #sotu"i believe in change because i believe in you." —president obama #sotu"i can promise that a year from now, when i no longer hold this office, i’ll be right there with you as a citizen." —president obama #sotu"our collective future depends on your willingness to uphold your obligations as a citizen." —president obama #sotu"democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesn’t matter." —president obama #sotu"our public life withers when only the most extreme voices get all the attention." —president obama #sotu"democracy grinds to a halt without a willingness to compromise." —president obama #sotu"democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens." —president obama #sotu"the future we want ... is within our reach. but it will only happen if we work together." —president obama #sotu"we need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion." —president obama #sotupresident obama: the trans-pacific partnership will protect workers and the environment. #leadontrade #soturt @ofa: hear some good ideas tonight? show your support—add your name:  #sotu"our troops are the finest fighting force in the history of the world." —president obama #sotu"the united states of america is the most powerful nation on earth. period." —president obama #sotu"we’ve got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources." —president obama #sotu"gas under two bucks a gallon ain’t bad, either." —president obama #sotu"on rooftops from arizona to new york, solar is saving americans tens of millions of dollars a year." —president obama #actonclimate #sotu"seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history." —president obama #sotu"why would we want to pass up the chance for american businesses to produce and sell the energy of the future?" —president obama #soturt @ofa: climate action can no longer be pushed to the next generation—we need to #actonclimate now. #sotu "if anybody still wants to dispute the science around climate change, have at it. you’ll be pretty lonely." —president obama #sotuglobal action on climate change is happening—show your support today:  #actonclimate #sotuwe have the responsibility to lead on climate change. #actonclimate #sotu "america is every immigrant and entrepreneur, from boston to austin to silicon valley." —president obama #sotu"that spirit of discovery is in our dna. america is thomas edison and the wright brothers and george washington carver." —president obama"workers and start-ups and small businesses need more of a voice, not less." —president obama #sotu"food stamp recipients didn’t cause the financial crisis; recklessness on wall street did." —president obama #sotu"i believe a thriving private sector is the lifeblood of our economy." —president obama #sotu"america is about giving everybody willing to work a chance." —president obama #sotu"parties should work together to improve job security." —president obama #sotuand counting. #sotu "social security and medicare are more important than ever. we shouldn’t weaken them, we should strengthen them." —president obama #sotushare the facts. #sotu "we have to make college affordable for every american." —president obama #collegeopportunity #sotu"we should recruit and support more great teachers for our kids." —president obama #sotu"real opportunity requires every american to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job." —president obama #sotustudents should be able to get an education without taking on decades' worth of student loan debt. #sotu "everybody that works hard deserves a fair shot." —president obama #sotu #raisethewage"for the past seven years, our goal has been a growing economy that also works better for everybody." —president obama #sotu"our auto industry just had its best year ever." —president obama #sotu"more than  million new jobs; the strongest two years of job growth since the ‘s; an unemployment rate cut in half." —president obamamiddle-class economics works. #sotu "a basic: the united states of america, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world." —president obama #sotuchange only happens when you organize. #sotu rt @ofa: it's just called marriage now. #loveislove #sotu "we made change work for us, always extending america’s promise outward, to the next frontier, to more people." —president obama #sotu"i want to focus on our future." —president obama #sotupresident obama: i’ll keep pushing for progress on immigration, gun violence, equal pay, paid leave, raising the minimum wage. #sotu"who knows, we might surprise the cynics again." —president obama #sotu"i hope we can work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform." —president obama #sotulive: president obama is delivering his final state of the union address now.  #sotutune in for president obama's final state of the union at  p.m. et tonight.  #sotu the stage is set—tune in tonight.  #sotu rt @whitehouse: this is what change looks like.  #sotu "it’s the last time we’ll do this, but we’re not even close to done working." —@vp joe biden on the #sotu the last seven years have been packed with progress. see how far we've come: one last time. #sotu tonight—it's going to be a good time. don't miss the state of the union.  #sotu get ready for president obama's final #sotu, and add your voice to the conversation:  rt @whitehouse: "i want us to be able...to say we couldn't think of anything else that we didn't try to do." —@potus #sotu president obama's last state of the union address—it's only a day away.  #sotu "rt @ofa: the lowest unemployment rate in  years: ✔. million private-sector jobs added in  months: ✔january —don't miss it.  #sotu another milestone to celebrate for wind power—and plenty of room to grow. tuesday:  #sotu "today, the american auto industry is back." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses the incredible progress made in the american auto industry: get ready—this one is going to be good.  #sotu read president obama's @nytimes op-ed on how we all play a part in efforts to help #stopgunviolence in america: icymi: listen to what president obama said to @ofa supporters on a call about steps forward to #stopgunviolence. this doesn't have to be the new normal—join the fight to help #stopgunviolence:  happening now: president obama is speaking to @ofa supporters on how everyone can help #stopgunviolence. rt @ofa: live: president obama is speaking to ofa supporters about the path forward on gun violence prevention. listen in. the december jobs report shows big gains in employment and higher wages for american workers. read more: rt @whitehouse: rt the news: - marked the strongest two-year stretch of job growth since -.  the economy added , jobs in december—a record-breaking  consecutive months of private-sector job growth.rt @politifact: obama: the nra used to support more background checks. we've looked at this before.  if you agree with common-sense steps to help curb gun violence, add your name:  #gunsinamericart @whitehouse: if a child can’t open a bottle of aspirin, we should make sure they can’t pull the trigger on a gun. #gunsinamerica don't miss president obama's town hall event on how to #stopgunviolence in america—tune in at  p.m. et on @cnn. "rt @ofa: enrollment numbers in : ⬆number of young people signing up for #obamacare: ⬆almost time for president obama's last #sotu—join the conversation:  watch what president obama has to say about his final #sotu. don't miss this:  #sotu rt @whitehouse: we know we can’t stop every act of violence. but what if we tried to stop even one? #stopgunviolence twelve more months of progress to go—say you'll tune in:  read how president obama's common-sense actions could help #stopgunviolence in america: congress can—and should—take action to help #stopgunviolence. add your name if you agree: rt @madeleine: steps announced by @potus today to #stopgunviolence will protect communities &amp; strengthen our nation's security.  i applaud …"the constant excuses for inaction no longer do." —president obama #stopgunviolence rt @gabbygiffords:  americans are murdered w/ a gun every day. and congress has done nothing. today’s responsible actions by @potus will …rt @janellemonae: president @barackobama thank you for standing up and using your power to do what you can to help save lives more lives. #…rt @questlove: in light of all that was experienced in  #stopgunviolence shouldn't even be a question amongst us citizens. been saying …rt @elizabethbanks: thank you @potus for a dash of common sense on guns. #stopgunviolencert @kerrywashington: thank you @potus for taking these steps to make us all safer. #stopgunviolence rt @amyschumer: let's go. we can #stopgunviolence  president obama's common-sense actions will help #stopgunviolence. now congress needs to step up. add your name if you think it's time for congress to stand up to the gun lobby and help #stopgunviolence. rt @whitehouse: "all of us need to demand a congress brave enough to stand up to the gun lobby’s lies." —@potus #stopgunviolence"rt @whitehouse: ""fort hoodbinghamtonauroraoak creeknewtownthe navy yardsanta barbaracharlestonsan bernardinotoo many.""—@potus#st…"live: president obama is talking about how to make our communities safer by reducing gun violence in america. tune in at : a.m. et to watch president obama announce steps to help #stopgunviolence: rt @whitehouse: breaking: @potus is taking new commonsense steps to help #stopgunviolence →  this is it—president obama's final #sotu. say you'll be watching:  rt @whitehouse: "change, as always, is going to take all of us." —@potus on working to #stopgunviolence start the new year off the right way and #getcovered now:  "we know that we can’t stop every act of violence. but what if we tried to stop even one?" —president obama hello, . ring in the new year with the one you love. final call: help make  a year full of progress. chip in today.  you don't want to miss this. say you'll tune in for president obama's final #sotu:  last call: you could be going on a seven-day cruise to alaska—but only if you enter today.  thinking of ways you can help out over the next year? look no further:  deadline: chip in to help fund the fight for more progress in . you and a friend could be heading north. enter now to win a cruise to alaska:  tonight: come in with the clutch contribution before the deadline.  "rt @whitehouse: go behind the scenes of @jerryseinfeld's comedians in cars getting coffee with special guest, @potus!global climate action became a reality this year—keep the progress going in :  chip in to help gear up for the big fights in :  here's your chance to get lost in the beauty of the last frontier state:  get ready—the deadline to pitch in before the new year is right around the corner.  in  states, people can still be fired because of who they love. help change that in :  seven down, one more to go. make sure you tune in for president obama's last #sotu:  have you entered yet? you and a friend could win a trip to alaska:  check out five big victories that made  a great year for progress: suit up—it's president obama's final state of the union. say you'll tune in:  you can still join the team fighting for progress. get your contribution in under the wire:  rt @ofa: icymi: president obama stepped up to keep congress from blocking action on climate change. seeking adventure? find it in alaska. enter @ofa's contest today:  don't miss your chance for the adventure of a lifetime. enter now—and you and a friend could be headed to alaska: this year was full of progress. but there's more work to do in —and you can help:  "merry christmas, everybody!" —president obama merry christmas, and happy holidays to you and yours—big or small. beautiful mountain tops. huge glaciers. and polar bears—see them all in alaska.  "rt @everytown: proud to team up with @nba in the fight to #endgunviolence in america. learn more here: "rt @whitehouse: watch the world come together to #actonclimate and protect the one planet we've got → here's one way to help make  a year of action: time to check this one off your bucket list:   has been a great year for progress—but there's still more work to do. get your donation in before the door closes:  here's your chance to take in this view for yourself:  find out how @ofa organizers are gearing up to #actonclimate in their communities—and how you can support this work: this grassroots movement is going full speed ahead into . help keep up the momentum:  get your binoculars ready. enter for your chance at an #ofadventure:   will likely be the hottest year ever recorded.  #actonclimatebecome an @ofa champion, and cheer on the movement fighting for lasting change:  enter now, and you and a friend could win a seven-day cruise to alaska:  "the number one reason i’m optimistic going into : it's you—the american people." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama gives a roundup of the top ten things that happened in . watch: "stand on the deck. take in the beauty. repeat. enter to win a seven-day cruise to alaska:  rt @factsonclimate: "our early investments in clean energy ignited a clean energy industry." —@potus #actonclimate live: president obama is speaking in the brady press briefing room. tune in at : p.m. et to watch as president obama holds a news conference. "rt @whitehouse: love is love in america. #inwordslend a hand—chip in to show your support for this grassroots movement.  "bucket list:go on a cruise ✔travel to alaska ✔whale watching in the arctic ✔enter:  this grassroots movement is aiming high for . you can help by pitching in:  what are you waiting for? here's your chance for an alaskan adventure:  live: president obama is speaking at the national counterterrorism center. tune in at : a.m. et to watch president obama deliver a statement. good news: you have two extra days to #getcovered for the new year.  this is your chance for an adventure. don't miss it:  the #parisagreement gives us the chance to secure a healthier, more prosperous future for the next generation. after years of effort by the u.s., nearly every country in the world came together to stand #unitedonclimate. want to take in this view? enter now for your chance:  deadline: if you want coverage to start off , make sure to check out your options today.  thanks to american leadership, countries around the world are standing #unitedonclimate. "i believe this moment can be a turning point for the world." —president obama on the #parisagreement a trip to alaska could be great motivation to join the fight to #actonclimate. enter now:  live: president obama is speaking at a naturalization ceremony at the national archives. "america, this will change—but only when we stand up, together, and demand it." —president obama  #sandyhooklive: president obama is delivering a statement at the pentagon. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak at the pentagon: say you stand with countries around the world who are #unitedonclimate—add your name:  #parisagreementrt @whitehouse: watch @potus speak at :pm et on the historic #parisagreement →  #actonclimate this is huge: almost every country in the world just signed on to the #parisagreement on climate change—thanks to american leadership.congress still hasn't passed a budget, and time's running out. read why @ofa supporters are saying #enoughalready:  out of  uninsured americans may qualify for financial help. see if you're one of them:  #getcoveredstart the new year off right:  #getcovered climate action at the local level is key in pushing the conversation forward. read the latest from wisconsin: enroll by december th and you'll ring in the new year with the security of health insurance:  #getcoveredwatch: president obama tells a room full of organizers to continue the fight on climate change.  #actonclimatenations from around the world are coming together to #actonclimate. join millions calling for real progress: "rt @whitehouse: rt if you agree:every child,regardless ofrace,income,or zip code,deserves a shot at a great education. #essa live: president obama is speaking about education and signing the every student succeeds act.  #essa"rt @everytown: if you think ending gun violence in america is an impossible dream, you need to see this.we can #endgunviolence with american leadership, more than  nations have committed to tackling climate change. #unitedonclimate the world is #unitedonclimate. it's time to act. rt @whitehouse: "we betray the efforts of the past if we fail to push back against bigotry in all its forms." —@potus #thamendment live: president obama is delivering remarks at an event marking the th anniversary of the th amendment. tune in at : a.m. et to watch president obama commemorate the th anniversary of the th amendment: show your support for common-sense gun safety laws like closing the no-fly list loophole:  #dosomethingclosing the no-fly list loophole is a no-brainer. #dosomething hundreds of nations are coming together to stand #unitedonclimate—and you can join the conversation: the world is #unitedonclimate—it's time for climate change deniers in congress to get on board. the world is standing #unitedonclimate. it's time to act. congress needs to close the no-fly list loophole—add your name if you agree:  #dosomethingcongress can #dosomething about this. rt @whitehouse: here's what congress should do  now to make it harder for people to buy assault weapons:  live: president obama is addressing the nation on the threat of terrorism and keeping the american people safe. tune in at  p.m. et to watch president obama address the nation on keeping the american people safe: "here in america it’s way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun." —president obama watch: president obama offers his condolences to the san bernardino community and calls for common-sense gun laws. obamacare is helping millions. repealing it would be devastating to families across the country. provisions in #obamacare have helped save billions of dollars and more than , lives. read more: employers have added an average of , jobs a month over the past six months. we have to keep up this progress. the economy added , jobs in november—a record-breaking  consecutive months of private-sector job growth."rt @whitehouse: watch @potus deliver a statement on the shooting in san bernardino.countries all over the world are standing #unitedonclimate—join the conversation to be part of this historic moment: this is a huge step forward. #unitedonclimate sixty years later, we remember the heroism of rosa parks and recommit to the fight for justice and equality. rt @whitehouse: big news:  companies are calling for strong global action on climate change →  #cop climate change deniers are trying to undermine america's commitment to #actonclimate. read more: be a part of this historic moment in the fight against climate change—join the #unitedonclimate conversation:  #copstand up for global action on climate change—add your name:  #actonclimate the global talks on climate change have begun. join the conversation:  #unitedonclimatewatch president obama discuss how to build a framework for progress on the global effort to tackle climate change. read why the international climate talks in paris are so important:  #coprt @whitehouse: "more than  countries representing nearly % of global emissions have put forward their own climate targets." rt @factsonclimate: breaking: @potus joins  countries to double clean energy funding →  #actonclimate #cop enrolling is easy. check out your options and #getcovered today: show your support for american leadership in the international effort to #actonclimate: the clean power plan is one of the biggest step america's ever taken to tackle climate change. "post thanksgiving to-do list:sleep: ✓dishes. so many dishes: ✓#getcovered: be thankful today—and don't forget to give back. #happythanksgiving "no matter our circumstances, all of us have something to be grateful for." —president obama  #happythanksgivingrt @whitehouse: .@potus on the tragic shooting of -year-old laquan mcdonald:  live: president obama is celebrating the th anniversary of the national thanksgiving turkey presentation. read from @ginaepa on how the united states is leading the international effort to #actonclimate: rt @factsonclimate: "what a powerful rebuke to the terrorists it will be when the world stands as one” —@potus #actonclimate #cop read how @ofa volunteers in tennessee are making sure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health care: before you start cooking this week, make sure you're covered:  #getcoveredrt @factsonclimate: american companies are using a record amount of clean energy →  #actonclimate #cop no more excuses. it's time to #actonclimate:  say you're ready for strong global efforts to #actonclimate—don't let climate change deniers prevent progress: get a close look inside the first-ever @ofa organizing director summit: rt @whitehouse: "in the face of terror, we stand as one." —@vp biden: one year ago the president took common-sense #immigrationaction—but a long-term fix still hasn't come from congress. happy birthday @vp. here's to a great year. getting help is easy. check out your options and #getcovered today:  record-breaking temperatures in october keeps  on track to be the hottest year ever: don't let climate change deniers stand in the way of global progress on climate action:  #actonclimateit's crucial to #actonclimate—and this is just one way the clean power plan is a step forward. "progress isn’t guaranteed. it’s not inevitable. it’s something that has to be fought for." —president obama the international community is committed to #actonclimate—show your support for global action: progress on tackling climate change is happening—and we can't go back. #actonclimate the health care marketplace is open—for a limited time. now's your chance to #getcovered.  rt @secburwell: in the first two weeks of open enrollment, more than m people have selected a plan thru @healthcaregov. #getcovered say you're ready for big progress in the global effort to #actonclimate—add your name: hundreds of hardworking @ofa organizers came together at the #ofafallsummit to drive their work forward—take a look: don't let climate change deniers derail progress in the global effort to #actonclimate:  in two weeks, nations across the globe are gathering to #actonclimate—this is a big deal. rt @ofa: meet @gqmagazine's  man of the year: president @barackobama. the u.s. has already tripled wind and solar energy since . the clean power plan will continue that progress. the clean power plan is a vital step to #actonclimate and improve public health. get the facts on important issues like climate change—join the ofa truth team: you might be able to get an even better health care plan. shop around today:  #getcovered rt @ofa: retweet to let your loved ones know: it's time to #getcovered. rt @whitehouse: watch the full statement from @potus on the attacks in paris. rt @whitehouse: rt if you agree: it's time to #closethegap so more women have a shot at success.  #yesshecan the security of affordable health care might make you dance:  #getcovered man-made climate change is having a big effect on global temperatures. read more:  #actonclimatethe fight for common-sense #immigrationaction isn't over. read more: rt @whitehouse: watch @potus award the #medalofhonor to u.s. army captain florent groberg. read from veteran and former federal chief sustainability officer jon powers on why it's time to #actonclimate: be covered this winter—check out your options now:  #getcovered "on this day and every day, we thank you." —president obama #veteransday live: president obama is honoring veterans at arlington national cemetery.  #veteransdayicymi: the unemployment rate is now at a seven-year low. make sure to check this off your list:  #getcovered president obama explains why the #tpp is good for american workers and the middle class: rt @ofa: watch: words of advice from the organizer-in-chief at the #ofafallsummit. "i'm going to keep on going as long as you'll have me." —president obama to @ofa volunteers #ofafallsummit"i need you to stay involved. i need you to stay active." —president obama #ofafallsummit"i may only hold this office for the next  months, but i'm not going anywhere." —president obama #ofafallsummit"when the cynics tell us we can't change this country for the better, we know they're wrong. we've got proof." —president obama"we've still got our work cut out for us to fix the broken immigration system." —president obama #ofafallsummit"your organizing skills are more important than ever."—president obama #ofafallsummit"you know we've got more work to do. you wouldn't be here if you didn't think we have more work to do."—president obama #ofafallsummit"even as our economy is growing, america's cut our carbon pollution more than any other advanced nation on earth." —president obama"we've covered . million americans so far, and in the process the deficit's been cut by two-thirds." —president obama #ofafallsummit"we've seen the longest streak of private-sector job creation on record—that happened because of you." —president obama #ofafallsummit"you figure out what's important in your communities and you organize around it."—president obama at the #ofafallsummit"you be the change you want to come about."—president obama #ofafallsummit"together, we created a movement for change that couldn't be denied."—president obama #ofafallsummit"it's always good to be with ofa. it's a little bit like coming home."—president obama #ofafallsummitlive: president obama is speaking to @ofa volunteers at the #ofafallsummit. "it was never about yes he can—it was about yes we can." —@simas #ofafallsummitrt @ofa: the #ofafallsummit with @barackobama is about to kick off. follow along. "for the first time, more than % of americans are covered." —president obama  #getcoveredin the weekly address, president obama discusses why it's so important to #getcovered: rt @whitehouse: "if we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it’s too late, the time to act is now." —@potus retweet if you support american leadership on climate change. #actonclimate the president just rejected #keystonexl. add your name to support strong action on climate change:  #actonclimate"if we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it's too late, the time to act is now." —president obama #actonclimate"shipping crude oil into our country would not increase america's energy security." —president obama #keystonexl"today, in  states, drivers can find at least one gas station selling gas for less than $ a gallon." —president obama #keystonexl"in fact, gas prices have already been falling, steadily." —president obama on rejecting the #keystonexl"the pipeline would not lower gas prices for american consumers." —president obama on rejecting the #keystonexl"if congress is serious about wanting to create jobs, this was not the way to do it." —president obama on rejecting the #keystonexl"the pipeline would not make a meaningful, long-term contribution to our economy." —president obama on rejecting the #keystonexlbreaking: president obama just took another huge step to #actonclimate by rejecting the #keystonexl pipeline.live: president obama is delivering a statement. the economy added , jobs in october—a record-breaking  consecutive months of private-sector job growth.the #tpp eliminates , taxes that other countries put on american goods.  #leadontrademore american-made exports means more higher-paying jobs at home:  #tpp "when we have a level playing field, americans out-compete anyone in the world." —president obama  #leadontrade"rt @whitehouse: president obama's trade deal is a big win for american workers.read the text →  #tpp negotiations on the #tpp are complete, and the full text is now available online. find out more:  #leadontrademore than two dozen states and cities are fighting to #actonclimate by defending the clean power plan: finding a plan that fits your needs is easy. check out your options and #getcovered:  a vocal minority could still derail the bipartisan budget deal—don't let that happen. show your support: get an update on issues that matter, from gun violence prevention to health care enrollment: rt @ofa: great news: montana just became the th state to put #peopleoverpolitics and expand medicaid. the marketplace is open again—shop around and find a plan that works for you:  #getcovered working hard in america shouldn't mean choosing between a paycheck and a sick kid at home. #leadonleave live: president obama is speaking about the re-entry process of formerly incarcerated individuals. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak on rehabilitation and reintegration:  #criminaljusticereformhere's what happened when  passionate student organizers came together to learn how to improve their impact: under #obamacare, the uninsured rate in the united states is at the lowest level on record. nearly  in  uninsured americans may be eligible for financial help. check out your options:  #getreadygetcoveredopen enrollment is back:  #getreadygetcovered "post halloween checklist:coffee: ✓brunch: ✓health insurance: #getreadygetcovered"the health care marketplace is open again. check out your options now:  #getcovereddon't miss your chance to #getcovered:  trick-or-treat? #happyhalloween make sure you #getcovered tomorrow—before you eat too much halloween candy. "every year, we spend $ billion in taxpayer dollars to keep people incarcerated." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama calls for meaningful criminal justice reform: don't miss it. #getcovered watch as president obama and @flotus welcome children to trick-or-treat at the white house:  passionate student organizers came together at @ofa's campus organizing summit. find out more: dyk: under #obamacare, millions of young adults are able to remain on their parents' plans until they turn . "i applaud the democrats and republicans who came together this morning to pass a responsible, long-term budget agreement." —president obamaspread the word: there are nearly . million uninsured americans who may be eligible to #getcovered in . read @shaunomb's op-ed on how science and data are helping the u.s. focus on the long-term costs of climate change: big polluters and climate change deniers are standing in the way of progress—fight back:  . million americans have gained coverage under #obamacare—that’s a bfd. "rt @whitehouse: the bipartisan budget agreement is a major step forward for our economy.get the details →  don't let climate change deniers have the final say on the clean power plan—show your support:  #actonclimateopen enrollment is right around the corner. #getcovered if you want cleaner air and improved public health, add your name:  #actonclimate america's mayors are calling for congress to #dosomething about gun violence. rt @whitehouse: "more guns on the streets do not make you or your community safer." —@potus #stopgunviolence retweet to spread the word. #getcovered live: president obama is speaking at the international association of chiefs of police conference and exposition. at  p.m. et, watch president obama address the international association of chiefs of police in chicago: rt @ussoccer_wnt: "this team taught all of america's children that playing like a girl means being a badass" - president @barackobama. live: president obama is welcoming the @ussoccer_wnt to celebrate their world cup victory.  #shebelieves"rt @factsonclimate: in , the #cleanpowerplan will prevent:, missed work days and school days., non-fatal heart attacks. htt…"new federal limits on methane pollution will help make our air cleaner. show your support:  #actonclimate"we've led by example, generating more clean energy and lowering our carbon emissions." —president obama this is why the clean power plan matters. #actonclimate live: president obama is hosting a panel at the white house on criminal justice reform. organizers in new mexico are working to make sure people in their communities have affordable care. read how: live: president obama is in west virginia hosting a community discussion on drug abuse. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama host a community forum on drug abuse. rt @whitehouse: what's it like to call space? watch @potus call the astronauts on the @space_station. #astronomynight a new poll shows that a majority of americans want common-sense laws on gun sales:  #dosomethingaction on climate change can't wait—which is why the clean power plan is so important. "rt @factsonclimate: under @potus, we're mobilizing the world to #actonclimate.there's never been more momentum.  ht…"eighty-one companies support a global agreement to #actonclimate: rt @flotus: "the goal of #bettermakeroom is to get young people to, and through, higher education." —the first lady: icymi: yesterday marked the official adoption of the #irandeal: diali came to @ofa to develop her digital content production skills and continue a career in organizing. read more: rt @whitehouse: rt the good news: u.s. companies are committing at least $ billion to #actonclimate →  "the united states is home to % of the world’s population, but % of the world’s prisoners." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses the steps needed to fix our criminal justice system. retweet if you agree it's time to #actonclimate. coal mining companies are supporting an international deal to #actonclimate:  it's time for deniers to get on board.under the obama administration, the deficit is down nearly  percent—the lowest it's been since . add your name to the thousands of people asking congress to stand up and #dosomething about gun violence: rt @whitehouse: rt to spread the word: we've reduced the deficit by nearly three-fourths under @potus →  live: president obama is speaking at a celebration of hispanic heritage month. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak at an event celebrating hispanic heritage month. see where your representatives stand on the basic science of climate change:  #actonclimateclimate change denial is at a record low—just not in congress. read more:  #actonclimatemake your sweet tooth happy—it's #nationaldessertday. hundreds of organizers recently gathered in new mexico to celebrate progress on health care reform. read more: "rt @whitehouse: rt if you agree: we can't condemn our kids to a planet that's beyond fixing.  #peoplesclimateanother reason why it's so important to #actonclimate: read why @govedrendell thinks #tpp will be good for manufacturing and boost products #madeinamerica: former washington governor christine gregoire on why the #tpp will help protect the environment: expanding medicaid isn't just practical—it's the right thing to do.  #peopleoverpoliticsrepealing #obamacare is still a bad idea. keep the conversation on gun violence going until congress will #dosomething about it: "outdated trade rules put our workers at a disadvantage—and tpp will change that." —president obama  #tppin the weekly address, president obama discusses how the #tpp will put american workers first. wind and solar energy are getting cheaper and cheaper—the #switchtoclean energy is happening. add your name to the list of people asking congress to #dosomething about gun violence: check out how these @ofa volunteers are making a difference on gun violence in their community:  #dosomethingretweet if you agree: it's time for congress to put politics aside and #dosomething about gun violence. our thoughts and prayers are not enough. it's time for congress to #dosomething to prevent gun violence tragedies: "this will not change until the politics change." —president obama on gun violence #dosomething take a look at some of the most important recent stories on gun violence prevention:  #dosomethingadd your name if you agree it's time for congress to #dosomething about gun violence in america. rt @whitehouse: every hardworking american should earn enough money to support their family →  #starttheconvo live: president obama is speaking at the @whitehouse summit on worker voice. an @ofa volunteer reflects on the trainings she received—that helped her land her dream job. "rt @whitehouse: president obama's trade deal =more #madeinamerica exports abroad.more higher-paying jobs here at home. #tpp stand up for american workers—add your name if you agree it's time to #leadontrade. the #tpp establishes the highest labor standards of any trade agreement in history. the more u.s. goods sold abroad, the more higher-paying jobs are supported at home—another reason to #leadontrade: "i refuse to leave our children a planet that's beyond their capacity to repair." —president obama #ourocean add your name to support the most progressive trade deal in this nation's history:  #leadontradert @whitehouse: "environmentalists praise wildlife measures in trans-pacific trade pact" →  #tpp great news: president obama just secured a trade deal that puts american workers first.  #leadontradetwenty-three years and still going strong. here's to many more. #happyanniversary "congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama urges congress to pass a real budget. private-sector jobs have grown for a record-breaking  straight months—but there's more to do.more than , people die from gun violence in the u.s. each year—that can change.  our thoughts and prayers are not enough—it's time to take action. rt @whitehouse: watch @potus speak on the tragic shooting in roseburg, oregon. #uccshooting rt @whitehouse: at :pm et, @potus will deliver a statement on the shooting in oregon →  #uccshooting"rt @whitehouse: rt if you agree: it's time to make community college free for responsible students → organizers across the country are working to prevent gun violence—state by state. read more: last call: enter for a chance to meet president obama.  deadline: tonight. time to make your move—chip in now.  this is your chance to meet president obama. (no joke.)  you and a guest could fly to d.c. and meet the president. enter now for your chance: give this grassroots movement a lift—become a recurring donor today:  enter before midnight and you—and your bff—could meet the president this fall.  better hurry—the deadline to show your support for this grassroots movement is tonight.  want to hear that laugh in person? throw your name in before tonight's deadline:  enter now and you could meet president obama in d.c. this fall: "coffee: √fall sweater: √meeting the president: ?enter before #nationalcoffeeday ends:  chip in to fight for real, lasting change:  give it your best shot—enter today for your chance to meet the president:  in an interview with @rollingstone, president obama lays out why we need to #actonclimate before it's too late. this movement started with grassroots supporters just like you. help keep it going—chip in $ or more today: watch a #viceonhbo clip about president obama's historic visit to a federal prison: don't miss the chance to meet president obama this fall—all you have to do is enter: rt @whitehouse: watch @potus speak at the @un general assembly at am et →  #unga want to be the one walking through that door? enter the contest now:  beat the buzzer—the big fundraising deadline is almost here.  time's running out—don't miss your chance to meet president obama.  do you hear that? it's the sound of a big fundraising deadline. chip in now:  fall is here—and so is your chance to meet president obama. enter now:  walk the walk—support the team that's fighting for today's important issues.  climate change is an issue that cannot be left for future generations—and @pontifex agrees:  #actonclimateyou could win a chance to meet president obama. (let that sink in.) enter now:  don't cruise past this fundraising deadline. chip in now:  with less than a week left to avert a shutdown, congress is wasting time trying to take away women's access to health care. #enoughalreadychange starts with people working together. read how volunteers in tucson are organizing to make change a reality: give your #squadgoals an upgrade—enter now to meet president obama:  . million americans covered—that's a number to celebrate:  #obamacarewatch @pontifex say why it's so important for everyone to come together to #actonclimate. #popeindc dress to impress—you could win the chance to meet president obama. enter now:  "michelle and i extend our wishes for an easy fast to all those observing yom kippur." —president obamart @whitehouse: “as the son of an immigrant, i’m happy to be a guest in this country, which was largely built by such families.” —@pontifex…live: watch as @pontifex is welcomed to the white house.  #popeindcget your camera ready—this is your chance to meet president obama. enter now:  live: president obama and others are greeting @pontifex at joint base andrews. "rt @whitehouse: .@pontifex is coming to the white house.here's what you need to know →  #popeindc america doesn't need another shutdown—members of congress need to do their job and pass a budget. read more: hope you're ready—fall is here. read how @ofa volunteers in tucson are working hard to bring change to their community. climate change is real—and it's time to act.  (h/t @washingtonpost) rt @whitehouse: "if we keep moving forward...my daughters’ children will be able to cross that bridge in an america that’s more free" "there’s nothing principled about the idea of another government shutdown." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama calls on congress to stop playing games with our economy and pass a budget. live: president obama is speaking at the white house screening of @vice's documentary on criminal justice reform. when women are empowered, extraordinary things happen. read more:  retweet if you agree. #leadonleave it's time to #leadonleave—because what's good for workers and families is good for the economy: the uninsured rate continues to fall—and that's no accident. read about how #obamacare is making a difference: "if you're eligible, commit to becoming a citizen today." —president obama #constitutionday investments in clean energy are boosting the economy—while fighting climate change. #actonclimate states and cities from the u.s. and china are pledging to #actonclimate—years earlier than national targets. since president obama took office, the economy has seen the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record. obamacare is working—and it's lowering the uninsured rate: rt @potus: cool clock, ahmed. want to bring it to the white house? we should inspire more kids like you to like science. it's what makes am…since president obama took office, the deficit has been reduced by more than two-thirds. live: president obama is speaking with a group of business leaders at the @bizroundtable. listen to president obama's advice on going to college for high school seniors—including his oldest daughter. "rt @whitehouse: we've come a long way since the financial crisis.take a look back at the progress we've made:  be part of the team fighting back against misinformation with facts:  rt @whitehouse: “we’re giving you some news you can use!” —@potus on the #collegescorecard:  live: president obama is hosting a town hall on college access and affordability with high school students. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama discuss college affordability with high school students in iowa: "from my family to yours, shanah tovah." —president obama on #roshhashanah "everyone should be able to find clear, reliable, open data on college affordability and value." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses another step in expanding #collegeopportunity. rt @whitehouse: watch @potus reflect on september , . #anniversary #askpotus #neverforget "the events of september , , left a permanent mark on the spirit of every american." —president obama "this vote is a victory for diplomacy ... and for the safety and security of the world." —president obama on the #irandeal voteretweet if you agree that education should be available to all those willing to work for it. #collegeopportunity "i want two years of college to be as free and universal as high school is today." —president obama progress happens when people fight for it. join the movement—say you're in:  "i believe that working americans should have the basic security of paid leave." —president obama #leadonleave live: president obama and @drbiden discuss the administration's plan to expand #collegeopportunity. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama and @drbiden speak in michigan on expanding #collegeopportunity. "rt @whitehouse: join the movement to make community college free for anyone willing to work for it: solar energy is heading toward a record-setting year for growth. find out more: get the facts on one of today's most consequential foreign policy debates:  #irandealthe obama administration is pushing for paid leave and a higher minimum wage at the state and local level. rt @whitehouse: watch why vp cheney is just as wrong on the #irandeal as he was on iraq →  #wrongthenwrongnow check out secretary of state @johnkerry's op-ed debunking some of the myths surrounding the #irandeal. the #irandeal has overwhelming support among leading scientists and non-proliferation experts. today, america celebrates the grit and resilience of working families. happy #laborday. today president obama is expanding access to paid sick leave for about , federal workers.  #leadonleavelive: president obama is speaking at the greater boston labor council #laborday breakfast. rt @whitehouse: big news: @potus is expanding access to paid sick leave for , workers →  #leadonleave "plain and simple, a shutdown would hurt working americans." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses the need for congress to pass a budget and avoid a shutdown. it's a beautiful world. let's fight to protect it. go behind the lens with @petesouza's photo gallery from president obama's recent trip to alaska. deadline: today is your last chance to show your support for updated overtime rules.  #fixovertimehigher wages, , jobs added, and a dropping unemployment rate are all good news—but there's more work to do. rt @whitehouse: good news: the unemployment rate fell to the lowest level since april  last month →  the economy added , jobs in august—a record-breaking  consecutive months of private-sector job growth.under the #irandeal, iran can't build a secret nuclear weapon. learn more: rt @cnnpolitics: .@potus busts a move with alaskan middle schoolers   #obamaak #alaska via @kristenhcnn tomorrow is the last day—add your name if you agree it's time to #fixovertime for millions of middle-class families: read why it's crucial to #fixovertime protections for millions of working families. read how the obama administration is fighting to restore workers' rights for millions of hard-working americans. "rt @whitehouse: watch @potus go behind the camera in alaska to talk about the impacts of climate change: president obama is highlighting the effects of climate climate during his trip to alaska. check it out: "few things can have as negative an impact on our economy as climate change." —president obama #actonclimate “climate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now." —president obama get a behind-the-scenes look at president obama's trip to alaska—the front lines in the fight against climate change. make your voice heard on updating overtime rules before friday's deadline:  #fixovertime it's official: mount mckinley is now denali.  read what former u.s. secretary of state @madeleine albright has to say about the #irandeal. rt @whitehouse: follow along as @potus heads to the frontlines of our fight against climate change in alaska →  find out how @ofa is giving organizers around the country the training and management skills they need to succeed. "as long as i’m president, america will lead the world to meet the threat of climate change." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses his upcoming trip to alaska and pledges to #actonclimate. read @ambassadorpower's thoughts on why it's vital for congress to stand by the #irandeal. these professional fellows learned skills that will help them keep fighting for the issues that matter. add your name—because in , equal pay for equal work shouldn't be controversial.  #standwithwomenrt @whitehouse: "you know the sun comes out after every storm." —@potus on the progress since katrina and the work still ahead: live: president obama is speaking about the rebuilding of new orleans ten years after hurricane katrina.  #katrinatune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama discuss #katrina and the rebirth of new orleans. add your name if you believe that when women succeed, america succeeds:  #standwithwomenrt @whitehouse: secretary @ernestmoniz spent  years on the nuclear physics faculty at mit. watch him explain the #irandeal science: meet alexa—an @ofa supporter who knows there's no better time to fight for progress than now. one organizer is sharing her story about continuing the fight for women’s rights: this #womensequalityday, say you'll continue the fight for progress.  the fight for equality is not over. #womensequalityday "no challenge poses a greater threat to our future than climate change." —president obama  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: "we refuse to surrender the hope of a clean energy future to those who fear it and fight it." —@potus: thanks @natlparkservice for keeping our lands and waters beautiful for  years—and counting. #findyourpark these fellows are fighting for progress by building new digital organizing skills. read more: want to join the conversation on the #irandeal? add your name to get more information. live: president obama is speaking at the national clean energy summit.  #ncesrt @whitehouse: big #actonclimate news today: @potus is announcing $ billion in new clean energy commitments:  tune in at  p.m. et to watch president obama speak at the national clean energy summit in las vegas:  #ncespresident obama is announcing a plan to make it easier and cheaper for homeowners to #switchtoclean energy: investing in renewable energy helps fight climate change—and creates jobs. #actonclimate find out how one young organizer is turning her outrage on the gender wage gap into action. read why it's so important to stay informed and join the conversation on the #irandeal. "congress left town for five full weeks—and they left behind a stack of unfinished business." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses the need for congress to pass a responsible budget. add your name to get important information about the #irandeal—and make sure you have all the facts: leading scientists and non-proliferation experts are making their voices heard on the #irandeal. today, two women are making history—becoming the first to graduate from the @usarmy's ranger school: july was the hottest month ever recorded: this is a big deal in the fight to curb climate change. #actonclimate getting the full story on something as big as the #irandeal is important. add your name to stay informed: follow the new "letters to president obama" tumblr—starting with a letter thanking the president for #obamacare: don’t let climate change deniers set us back. add your name to support the clean power plan: give  a round of applause today. happy birthday, @billclinton. change starts with one voice speaking out. read one organizer’s story about the fight for women’s rights: new limits on methane pollution will help curb climate change and protect public health:  #actonclimatebe part of the @ofatruthteam—and fight back with facts:  climate change deniers want to stop the clean power plan. don’t let them—add your name today:  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: the th amendment was ratified  years ago, giving every american woman the right to vote →  add your name if you're ready for cleaner, safer air:  #actonclimate rt @whitehouse: "emma didlake served her country with distinction and honor, a true trailblazer for generations of americans" —@potus read about president obama's latest move to reduce methane gas pollution from landfills:  #actonclimatewatch: find out why president obama is heading to alaska at the end of the month. take a stand with state leaders committed to #actonclimate. show your support for the clean power plan: jon traveled , miles to change the conversation about climate change. read more:  #actonclimatein the weekly address, president obama discusses efforts to improve community policing. watch now: a majority of americans favor a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants living in america: studies show that #obamacare is not “killing” full-time jobs like critics claim: these three marines lowered the american flag in #cuba in . today, they raised it again: today is the th birthday of #socialsecurity—a lifeline to millions of americans. read about jon's , mile journey to fight climate change:  #actonclimateretweet if you believe it's time for action on climate change. #actonclimate read president obama's powerful letter to the editor on restoring the voting rights act: president obama is heading to alaska—the front lines in the fight against climate change. rt @whitehouse: "michelle and i send our best wishes to president carter for a fast and full recovery." —@potus expanding overtime protections will be good for women and good for families. #fixovertime the uninsured rate is now down to single digits for the first time—thanks to #obamacare:  expanding overtime protections will benefit millions of families. add your voice to show support:  #fixovertimeread these stories from working moms and see why we need to #fixovertime: "what makes america special is our capacity to change." —president obama read about how expanding overtime protections would help millions of americans—and women in particular:  #fixovertimea new report shows that wind energy is booming—and now provides , jobs in the u.s. read more:  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: listen to @potus and @nprinskeep discuss how the #irandeal prevents iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon → check it out: president obama answers tough questions on the #irandeal in an interview with @micnews. renewable energy is good for the economy. #actonclimate the president took readers' questions on the #irandeal in an interview with @micnews. check it out: dyk: states that embraced #obamacare and expanded medicaid are seeing huge drops in uninsured rates. show your support for this historic step in the fight to #actonclimate:  "the right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy." —president obama  #vrain the weekly address, the president commemorates the th anniversary of the voting rights act:  #vraicymi: read president obama's thoughts on the th anniversary of the voting rights act.  #vracleaner air is safer air. #actonclimate the economy is still improving—but there's more work to do. read more about the latest jobs report: the economy added , jobs in july—marking a record-breaking  consecutive months of private-sector job growth."you've been a great gift to the country." —president obama to jon stewart on @thedailyshow #jonvoyage rt @ofa: watch this video to find out why the clean power plan matters in the fight to #actonclimate: live: president obama is speaking about the th anniversary of the voting rights act.  #vrafind out how you can support the clean power plan. read president obama's message:  #actonclimatestand with state leaders who are fighting to #actonclimate with the clean power plan: from @deese: read why the clean power plan is vital to the fight against climate change:  #actonclimate"it is surely the pursuit of peace that is most needed in this world so full of strife." —president obama #irandeal"as members of congress reflect on their pending decision, i urge them to set aside political considerations.” —president obama #irandeal"as americans, we should be proud of this achievement." —president obama #irandeal"now we have before us a solution that prevents iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon without resorting to war." —president obama #irandeal"president kennedy warned americans not to see conflict as inevitable. it is time to apply such wisdom.” —president obama #irandeal"i have repeatedly challenged anyone opposed to this deal to put forward a better, plausible alternative." —president obama #irandeal"when we carefully examine the arguments against this deal, none of them stand up to scrutiny.” —president obama #irandeal"if iran violates this deal, we will have ample opportunity to respond." —president obama #irandeal"worry less about being labeled weak. worry more about getting it right.” —president obama #irandeal"how can we in good conscience justify war before we have tested a diplomatic agreement that achieves our objectives?" —president obama“the choice we face is ultimately between diplomacy or some sort of war.” —president obama #irandeal“walk away from this agreement and you will get a better deal—for iran.” —president obama #irandeal“those who say we can walk away from this deal and maintain sanctions are selling a fantasy.” —president obama #irandeal"we will continue to have sanctions in place on iran's support for terrorism and violation of human rights."—president obama #irandeal“there is no scenario where sanctions relief turns iran into the region's dominate power.” —president obama #irandeal“an argument against sanctions relief is effectively an argument against any diplomatic solution.” —president obama #irandeal"without this deal, the scenarios that critics warn about happening in  years could happen six months from now." —president obama"the bottom line is, if iran cheats, we can catch them—and we will." —president obama #irandeal“this deal is not just the best choice among alternatives—this is the strongest non-proliferation agreement ever.” —president obama“if iran violates the agreement over the next decade all of the sanctions can snap back in to place.” —president obama #irandeal"iran has powerful incentives to keep its commitments." —president obama #irandeal"this deal shuts off the type of covert program iran has pursued in the past.” —president obama #irandeal"in july, we reached a comprehensive plan of action that meets our objectives." —president obama #irandeal"what was once proclaimed as a historic mistake is now held up as a success." —president obama #irandeal“the progress of iran's nuclear program was halted for the first time in a decade.” —president obama #irandeal"it was diplomacy that ratcheted up the pressure on iran." —president obama #irandeal"winning this global buy-in was not easy. i know. i was there." —president obama #irandeal"what made our new approach more effective was our ability to draw upon new u.n. security council resolutions." —president obama #irandeal“it was our very willingness to negotiate that helped america rally the world to our cause.” —president obama #irandeal"i have also made clear my preference for a peaceful diplomatic resolution of the issue." —president obama #irandeal"even before taking office, i made clear that iran would not be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon on my watch." —president obama #irandeal"the question then is not whether to prevent iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, but how." —president obama #irandeal"now more than ever, we need clear thinking in our foreign policy." —president obama #irandeal“more than a decade later, we still live with the consequences of the decision to invade iraq.” —president obama #irandeallive: president obama is speaking at @americanu about the importance of the #irandeal. tune in at : a.m. et to watch president obama discuss the historic #irandeal at @americanu: help president obama celebrate another great year—wish him a happy birthday:  #turns the clean power plan is the most important step we've ever taken to #actonclimate—show your support: watch: we only get one planet—that's why it's so important to #actonclimate. it's president obama's birthday. wish him a happy th:  #turns rt @whitehouse: president obama's #cleanpowerplan will ↓ carbon pollution from power plants by % by  →  if you're committed to #actonclimate, support the clean power plan—add your name now:  live: president obama is speaking about fighting climate change with the clean power plan.  #actonclimatetune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama discuss the importance of the clean power plan:  #actonclimatecelebrate president obama's birthday by wishing him a happy th:  #turns "rt @whitehouse: breaking: on monday, @potus will release his #cleanpowerplan—the biggest step we've ever taken to #actonclimate.guess who has a birthday coming up? (hint: it's #.)  "this week ... medicare and medicaid turned  years old. and that’s something worth celebrating." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses the impact of medicare and medicaid on the th anniversary: "to: president obamahappy th!from: youwish the commander-in-chief a happy birthday:  tell the organizer-in-chief happy birthday—sign @ofa's card:  #turnsacross the country, @ofa volunteers are making a difference in the fight to #raisethewage: sign @ofa's birthday card for president obama:  #turns rt @medicaregov: for  years #medicare #medicaid have been changing american lives. happy birthday #medicare! #keepingushealthy help president obama cap off a great year. wish him a happy birthday:  #turns rt @barbrastreisand: % of scientists agree, climate change is real and humans are a significant contributor. it’s time to #actonclimatesolar energy is booming. #actonclimate "rt @whitehouse: climate change threatens every country on the planet.no nation is immune.rt if you agree we need to #actonclimate. you don't have to be a policy expert to make a difference on issues like climate change: icymi: some of america's largest businesses are investing in clean energy to cut carbon pollution.  #actonclimatestudy shows #obamacare leads to fewer uninsured americans, better health, and improved access to care: read how @ofa is training the next generation of digital organizers:  #ofafellows join the team that's spreading the truth on the most important issues: it's the final week of #nationalicecreammonth—better take advantage. american businesses are pledging $ billion to reduce carbon pollution and #actonclimate: "we should reward drive, innovation, and fair play. that’s what wall street reform does." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses the progress we've made because of wall street reform: see what your state's minimum wage is with this state-by-state tracker:  #raisethewagesome states are making real progress to #raisethewage. read more: have questions about the historic #irandeal? follow @theirandeal for information and updates. #ffinvesting in energy efficiency and renewable energy will help cut consumer electricity bills. read more: states across the country are taking action to #raisethewage for hard-working residents: great news: jobless claims just fell to the lowest level in four decades. carbon pollution from power plants is being reduced, even as the economy grows. read more:  #actonclimatethe president's #immigrationaction will be good for the economy—but opponents are standing in the way: check out the president's final appearance on @thedailyshow—and his newest "executive order":  "rt @whitehouse: the blue marble.it's our home.and soon, @nasa's #dscovr will be able to take full snapshots of it every few hours. nearly , americans turn  every day. stand up for a society that's ready for a changing america: opponents of common-sense immigration reform are standing in the way of progress: "we still have more to do to make sure that people with disabilities are paid fairly for their labor." —president obama #ada"this is not just about american rights. it's about human rights." —president obama #ada"a few years ago i issued an executive order requiring the federal government to hire more americans with disabilities." —president obama"days like today are a celebration of our history. but they're also a chance to rededicate ourselves to the future." —president obama #adalive: the president is speaking about the th anniversary of the americans with disabilities act. tune in at : p.m. et to watch the president speak on the th anniversary of the americans with disabilities act: "we are not just americans, but citizens of earth." —@stationcdrkelly  stand with the president's plan to make sure more people have access to a secure and dignified retirement: "this deal will make america and the world safer and more secure." —president obama on the #irandeal in the weekly address, president obama explains the comprehensive #irandeal: read how @ofa volunteers are pushing to #raisethewage in their communities:  yesterday, president obama became the first sitting president to visit a federal prison. read some of the highlights: "from my family to yours, eid mubarak!" —president obamaread why these three congressmen believe #obamacare is working: read how president obama is laying the groundwork for criminal justice reform: live: the president is speaking about expanding high-speed broadband to low-income households. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak about ensuring internet access for all americans: taking #immigrationaction is the right thing to do. live: president obama is speaking about the #irandeal. read the emotional exchange between the president and a former addict: "if we keep taking steps toward a more perfect union ... america will move forward. there's nothing we can't do." —president obama"we cannot ignore the problems that we have, but we can't stop running the race." —president obama"we are not perfect, but we have the capacity to be more perfect—mile after mile, step after step." —president obama"justice and redemption go hand in hand." —president obama"justice is living up to the common creed that i am my brother's keeper and i am my sister's keeper." —president obama"justice is making sure that every young person knows that they are special and their lives matter." —president obama"justice is not only the absence of oppression—it is the presence of opportunity." —president obama"let's reward prisoners with reduced sentences if they complete programs that make them less likely to repeat an offense." —president obama"i've asked my attorney general to start a review of the overuse of solitary confinement in our federal prisons." —president obama"we should not tolerate conditions in prison that have no place in any civilized country." —president obama"on thursday, i will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison." —president obama"we should pass a sentencing reform bill through congress this year." —president obama"for nonviolent drug crimes, we need to lower long mandatory minimum sentences—or get rid of them entirely." —president obama"don't just tag them as future criminals. reach out to them as future citizens." —president obama"we have to restore trust between our police and some of the communities where they serve." —president obama"we gotta make sure boys and girls in those communities are loved and cherished and nurtured and invested in." —president obama"what doesn't make sense is treating entire neighborhoods as danger zones." —president obama"we recognize that every child deserves opportunity. not just some. not just our own." —president obama"one study found that for every dollar we invest in pre-k, we save at least twice that in reduced crime." —president obama"if we make investments early in our children, we will reduce the need to incarcerate those kids." —president obama"i believe crime is like any other epidemic—we need to stop it before it starts." —president obama"for the first time in  years, america's crime rate and incarceration rate went down at the same time." —president obama"this is a cause that is bringing people in both houses of congress together." —president obama"mass incarceration makes our country worse off—and we need to do something about it." —president obama"our criminal justice system isn't as smart as it should be." —president obama"our nation is being robbed of men and women who could be workers and taxpayers." —president obama"around one million fathers are behind bars. around one in nine african-american kids has a parent in prison." —president obama"african americans are more likely to be arrested. they are more likely to be sentenced to more time for the same crime." —president obama"a growing body of research shows that people of color are more likely to be frisked, stopped, questioned, detained." —president obama"african americans and latinos make up  percent of our population. they make up  percent of our inmates." —president obama"roughly one-third of the justice department's budget now goes toward incarceration." —president obama"for $ billion we could double the salary of every high school teacher in america." —president obama"every year, we spend $ billion to keep those folks incarcerated." —president obama"in far too many cases the punishment does not fit the crime." —president obama"over the last few decades, we've locked up more and more nonviolent drug offenders for longer than ever before." —president obama"if we're going to deal with this problem, and the inequities involved, we're going to have to speak honestly." —president obama"our prison population has doubled in the last two decades alone." —president obama"in , there were , people behind bars in america ... today, there are . million." —president obama"the united states is home to  percent of the world's population, but  percent of the world's prisoners." —president obama"in too many cases our criminal justice system becomes a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." —president obama"there is a long history of inequity in the criminal justice system in america." —president obama"we can't be satisfied—are not satisfied—until the opportunity gap is closed for everybody in america." —president obama #naacp"health care is not a privilege for the few, but a right for all of us." —president obama"we made progress, but our work is not done." —president obama #naacp"i would not be here and so many others would not be here without the naacp." —president obama"let's get something out of the way up front: i am not singing today." —president obamalive: the president is speaking about criminal justice reform at the @naacp national convention.  #naacptune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama deliver remarks at the @naacp's national convention:  #naacpcongratulations to @nasanewhorizons on completing a three-billion-mile journey. #plutoflyby rt @whitehouse: full video: watch @potus speak on the historic deal to prevent iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. #irandeal watch: get the facts on why it's time to #fixovertime protections for millions of workers. "rt @whitehouse: breaking: @potus just granted clemency to  people whose sentences didn't fit their crimes. read the president's op-ed in @aarp on the importance of protecting americans’ retirement savings: live: president obama is speaking at the  white house conference on aging.  #whcoatune in at : a.m. et to watch the president deliver remarks at the @whitehouse conference on aging:  #whcoa"too often, where people live determines what opportunities they have in life." —president obama in the weekly address, the president discusses how to make it easier for communities to adopt the fair housing act: the president just took steps to protect more than one million acres of public land:  the uninsured rate is now at the lowest level to date—thanks to #obamacare: rt @ussoccer_wnt: we love you, nyc! #bestfansintheworld #uswntparade be part of the movement working for lasting, progressive change:  #ofaction everyone deserves the same benefits, no matter who they love.  #loveisloveread @vp biden's thoughts on how marriage equality makes our country a better place:  #loveislovert @whitehouse: great news: federal marriage benefits will be available to same-sex couples nationwide →  thanks to #obamacare, women are saving more than a billion dollars in out-of-pocket contraceptive costs. add your name if you think it’s time to expand overtime protections for hard-working americans:  #fixovertime"you inspired a whole new generation of young women." —president obama to the @ussoccer_wnt #shebelieves add your name—because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay:  #fixovertimert @whitehouse: we're generating  times more solar electricity than when @potus took office →  #actonclimate expanding overtime protections will improve the lives of middle-class families. read more:  #fixovertimeread how the obama administration plans to help renters and low-income homeowners gain easier access to solar energy: add your name if you think it's time to #fixovertime protections for hard-working americans: expanding overtime protections will benefit nearly five million americans. show your support—add your name today: icymi: read why president obama's plan to update overtime rules is a big deal for middle-class workers. because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay. "good luck to the u.s. women’s national team in the world cup final!" —president obama #shebelieves "from my family to yours, have a safe and happy fourth of july." —president obama happy fourth of july. updating overtime pay rules will benefit nearly five million american workers:  #fixovertime"happy fourth of july, everybody. god bless you. god bless america." —president obama"if we're walking down that road together, we're going to get there faster." —president obama"the last seven years—shoot, the last seven days—should remind us there's nothing america cannot do." —president obama"when the playing field is level, american workers always win." —president obama"no middle-class family should be priced out of the education that they need." —president obama"in america, a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay." —president obama"this is an issue of basic fairness: if you work longer and you work harder, you should get paid for it." —president obama #fixovertime"over the past couple of years,  states, almost  counties and cities have taken action to raise the minimum wage." —president obama"we're stronger together than we are by ourselves." —president obama"folks forget sometimes—unions are what helped bring about the -hour work week." —president obama"we need to boost the minimum wage. give america a raise." —president obama #raisethewage"the bottom line is: top-down economics doesn't work. middle-class economics works." —president obama"we've been talking about the middle class since before it was cool." —president obama"middle-class economics works." —president obama"not only are more people getting health care, businesses are able to start giving raises to their workers." —president obama"the uninsured rate in america is now the lowest on record." —president obama #acaworks"we put in place the toughest wall street reform in history that's protecting main street from another crisis." —president obama"today our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." —president obama"we've added nearly , new manufacturing jobs." —president obama"and by the way, our teachers are underpaid." —president obama"we've got to make folks feel like their hard work is getting them somewhere." —president obama #fixovertime". million new jobs, and that's good—but we've got more work to do." —president obama"all told, we've now seen  straight months of private-sector job growth, which is a new record." —president obama"this morning, we learned that our businesses created another , jobs last month." —president obama"america has always done better economically when we're all in it together. when everyone gets a fair shot." —president obama"the freedom to marry who you love—that's now open to all of us. that's a good thing." —president obama #lovewins"it's been a remarkable few weeks in america." —president obama"no matter where you live, this is a special time of year to be an american." —president obamalive: president obama is at @uwlacrosse speaking about economic progress. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama talk about the progress made on the economy: in the past two years, the u.s. economy has created . million jobs—the strongest two-year job growth since : the economy added , jobs in june—marking  consecutive months of private-sector job growth.three of the world's biggest economies announced new goals to #actonclimate: “we want to educate people, we want to listen to folks, we want to hear good ideas from all sources." —president obama #acaworks"i'm hoping that what we can do now is focus on how we can make it better." —president obama #acaworks"this wasn't about politics—this was about people." —president obama"the thing i've never lost sight of, though, is that this is about people." —president obama"i'm feeling pretty good about how health care is going." —president obama #acaworks"not only has the law worked better than expected ... but it's ended up costing less than people expected." —president obama #acaworkspresident obama: #obamacare has made health care stronger, more secure, and more reliable."you're able to get free preventive care, including mammograms, as a consequence of this law." —president obama"everybody who has health insurance benefited and continues to benefit from this law." —president obamalive: the president is speaking about the benefits of #obamacare and how to continue progress on health care reform. tune in at : p.m. et to watch the president discuss how we can build on the progress made under #obamacare: rt @whitehouse: breaking: watch @potus announce that the u.s. has agreed to formally reestablish diplomatic relations with #cuba. last call: enter for your chance to fly to hawaii and relax in paradise.  say you'll keep up the fight—show your support and chip in before midnight:  buzzer beater: there's not a lot of time left on the clock. chip in $ now.  rt @whitehouse: "to see people gathered in the evening…and to feel that they have the right to love—that was pretty cool." —@potus tonight: don't miss your chance to see hawaii. enter before the deadline.  "too many americans are working long days for less pay than they deserve." —president obama on overtime pay don't miss your shot to chip in before tonight's deadline:  help break the silence on gun violence in america. join the fight for common-sense reform: you've never seen greens like this. enter now for your chance to win a trip to hawaii:  rt @whitehouse: "this was a true bipartisan achievement and it’s a reminder of what we can get done…when we work together" —@potus chip in—the deadline is quickly approaching:  organizing in paradise—the only thing missing is you:  add your name if you agree that it's time to stand up and do something about gun violence in america: "for too long, we’ve been blind to the unique mayhem that gun violence inflicts upon this nation." —president obamasign up for your chance to see firsthand how organizing is making a difference in hawaii:  better hurry—the deadline to chip in is right around the corner:  you could be organizing in paradise:  the president is acting where he can, but we need congress to pass a comprehensive solution to fix our broken system. #immigrationactionover the past two years, the house’s failure to take #immigrationaction has cost the country $. billion.the bill would have put millions of people on a path to citizenship and grown the economy by a cumulative $. trillion. #immigrationactiontwo years ago today, the senate passed a bill to fix our broken immigration system with a bipartisan majority. #immigrationaction"the affordable care act still stands. it is working, and it is here to stay." —president obama  #acaworksin the weekly address, the president reaffirms how the supreme court ruling on #obamacare is a victory for america: live: president obama is speaking in charleston honoring the life of reverend clementa pinckney. watch the president's full statement on the supreme court's ruling on marriage equality. #lovewins history. #lovewins retweet to spread the word. #lovewins this ruling is a victory for friends, families, and organizers who fought tirelessly for years for marriage equality. #lovewins"america should be very proud." —president obama #lovewins"those countless, often anonymous heroes—they deserve our thanks." —president obama #lovewins"what a vindication of the belief that ordinary people can do extraordinary things." —president obama #lovewins"today we can say in no uncertain terms that we've made our union a little more perfect." —president obama #lovewins"america is a place where you can write your own destiny." —president obama #lovewins"for all our differences, we are one people—stronger together than we could ever be alone." —president obama #lovewins"when all americans are treated as equal, we are all more free." —president obama #lovewins"this ruling is a victory for america." —president obama #lovewins"all people should be treated equally, regardless of who they are or who they love." —president obama #lovewins"this morning the supreme court recognized the constitution guarantees marriage equality." —president obama #lovewins"we are all created equal." —president obama #lovewinslive: president obama is speaking on today's historical decision on marriage equality.  #lovewinsrt @potus: today is a big step in our march toward equality. gay and lesbian couples now have the right to marry, just like anyone else. #l…affordable health care is a right for all, not a privilege for a few. "this was a good day for america. let's get back to work." —president obama #acaworks"that's when america soars—when we look out for one another." —president obama #acaworks"what we're not going to do is unravel what we've woven into the fabric of america." —president obama #acaworks"we're making progress. we're going to keep working to get more people covered." —president obama #acaworks"with this case behind us, let's be clear: we've got more work to do." —president obama #acaworks"this reform remains what it's always been: a set of fair rules and tougher protections." —president obama #acaworks"across the country, there are people who are directly benefiting from the law and don't even know it." —president obama"five years in, this is no longer about a law ... this is health care in america." —president obama #acaworks"this law is now helping tens of millions of americans." —president obama #acaworks"this is not a set of political talking points. this is reality. this law is working." —president obama #acaworks"as the law's provisions have gradually taken effect, more than  million americans have gained coverage so far." —president obama"america would have gone backwards. that's not what we do. we move forward." —president obama"the affordable care act is here to stay." —president obama #acaworks"when the dust has settled, there can be no doubt that this law is working." —president obama #acaworks"in america, health care is not a privilege for the few but a right for all." —president obamalive: president obama is speaking about today's #obamacare ruling. tune in to hear the president give a statement about today's #obamacare ruling at : a.m. et: hawaii is leading the way on some of the most important issues. enter for the chance to see that progress firsthand: repealing #obamacare: still a bad idea. more americans don't have to worry about medical bills breaking the bank—thanks to #obamacare. aloha, oahu:  hawaii has been a national leader in the progressive movement. celebrate that progress—and you could win a free trip: it doesn't get much better than the chance for a free trip to hawaii. enter today:  new report: left unchecked, climate change presents catastrophic risks to human health.  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: join the #actonclimate conversation on public health around today's white house summit →  rt @ofa_ri: our state legislators and @ginaraimondo just took action to support hardworking families. congrats, rhode island. #raisethewagegame on. #shebelieves the benefits of fighting climate change are clear—the sooner we #actonclimate, the better off we'll be. repealing #obamacare would leave  million americans without the security of health care: if #obamacare is repealed, the national debt could increase by $ billion: it's a win-win. #actonclimate "in a relentlessly-changing economy, we’ve got more work to do." —president obama on growing economic opportunity fighting climate change with solar power creates jobs. #putsolaronit in the weekly address, president obama discusses creating new pathways of economic opportunity for all americans: retweet if you agree. the epa's standards for trucks will save billions of dollars while decreasing carbon pollution:  #actonclimatelegislators across the country are consistently attacking women's rights. it's time to fight back:  #standwithwomenreducing carbon pollution is a job creator. read more from @ginaepa:  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: worth a read: @potus on @pontifex's encyclical urging action on climate change →  #laudatosi rt @whitehouse: full video: watch president obama's statement on the tragic #charlestonshooting. live: president obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in south carolina. "from my family to yours, ramadan kareem." —president obamafind out why it's economically beneficial to #actonclimate from @ginaepa: follow up: more on bees. this is an ongoing battle. be on the front lines of the fight for women's rights:  #standwithwomenin only three months, state legislators introduced  provisions restricting choice:  #standwithwomeninvesting in the clean energy industry is an important way to #actonclimate. these investments put us $ billion closer to clean energy solutions:  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: rt the news: we're announcing $ billion in new clean energy  investments →  #actonclimate let's. go. hawks. economic growth is just one way #dacaworks. see how your state will benefit from more #immigrationaction: because #dacaworks, hundreds of thousands of young people are closer to the american dream. "on flag day ... we pay tribute to this banner of hope and opportunity." —president obama #flagday "trade that’s fair and free and smart will grow opportunity for our middle class." —president obama  #leadontradein the weekly address, the president discusses our growing economy and why it's so important that we #leadontrade: states like hawaii are leading the fight against climate change:  #switchtocleanread why president john f. kennedy believed trade was integral to america’s prosperity and security:  #leadontradethis is what's at stake for workers across the country if congress votes no on expanding taa: for  years, taa has been a lifeline for millions of workers. today, congress can make sure that lifeline continues. from @carolinekennedy: why it's so important for the united states to #leadontrade:  trillion gallons of rain fell in may—the wettest month on record.  #actonclimateexpanding #collegeopportunity is vital to america's success in a global economy: climate change is already affecting our communities. that's why the president is taking steps to #actonclimate now. hawaii just set a goal of generating  percent of its electricity from renewable resources:  #switchtocleanthis is how #obamacare is making health care in america better: stand up for expanding #collegeopportunity for hard-working students:  "it’s up to all of us ... to help make the right to health care a reality for all americans." —president obama #acaworksaccording to a recent poll, a clear majority of americans don't want federal #obamacare subsidies rolled back: live: president obama is speaking about the benefits of #obamacare at @thechausa. tune in at : a.m. et to watch the president discuss how #obamacare has improved our health care system: celebrate #nationalbestfriendsday with the person who brings out the best in you. rt @whitehouse: "all the g- countries have now put forward our post- targets for reducing carbon emissions" —@potus #gsummit read why former u.s. trade representative ron kirk thinks it's time for the united states to #leadontrade: stand up for expanding #collegeopportunity for hard-working students:  "i’m going to keep doing everything i can to make our immigration system more just and more fair." —president obama in the weekly address, the president discusses #immigrantheritagemonth and fixing our broken immigration system. "beau biden was an original. he was a good man. a man of character. a man who loved deeply and was loved in return." —president obamaread a few wise words from beau biden, and see the incredible legacy he leaves behind. if you think access to higher education is a key to success, stand up for #collegeopportunity:  with higher hourly wages and , new jobs, may's jobs report is good news for our economy. if all  states expanded medicaid, they would save billions of dollars and thousands of lives. read more: the economy added , jobs in may—marking  consecutive months of private-sector job growth.there's been a lot of progress on lgbt equality, but there's more work to do. add your name to join the fight: rt @whitehouse: fact: states refusing to expand medicaid through the aca are leaving . million uninsured →  this shouldn't be a partisan issue. it's time to #actonclimate. it's more fun to run with a friend. #nationalrunningday keep the momentum going in the fight for equality. add your name now:  here's one way to spark change: share what lgbt equality means to you. join the team that's fighting for lgbt equality:  people across the country are #wearingorange today to stand up against gun violence. when all americans are treated equally—no matter who they are or whom they love—our country will be a better place. rt @whitehouse: “one of my core principles is that i will never engage in a politics in which i’m trying to divide people” —@potus your story matters in the fight for lgbt rights—share it here: it takes courage to share your story. be on the right side of history. add your name to continue the fight for equality:  #loveislovehappy pride month. #loveislove "for all that beau biden achieved in his life ... nothing claimed a fuller focus of his love and devotion than his family." —president obamawatch president obama address key national security measures and reforms in the weekly address: add your name to join the team fighting back against climate change denial:  #actonclimate "let us carry his legacy forward." —president obama on president john f. kennedy, born  years ago today another reason why health care reform is so important to millions of americans. new clean water provisions will help protect the health of  million americans. read more:  #cleanwaterrulesrt @whitehouse: a sea level rise of just  foot could cost america $ billion. it's time to #actonclimate:  read this blog from @ginaepa and jo-ellen darcy on why protecting water sources is so important:  #cleanwaterrulesenforceable labor and environmental protections are just a couple of reasons why america needs to #leadontrade. read about the hurricane preparedness briefing the president is receiving in miami today:  #actonclimatea huge step forward in making sure our drinking water is clean. #cleanwaterrules read why #cleanwaterrules are essential to prevent pollution and protect our drinking waters: when  percent of climate scientists agree, it's time for the deniers to put politics aside and #actonclimate. rt @epa: breaking news: our clean water rule has been finalized.  learn more:  #cleanwaterrul…these #cleanwaterrules will protect america's drinking water from polluters. millions of americans are counting on this. "rt @whitehouse: sally ride would've been  today.here's how she inspired us to reach for the stars →  cities nationwide are answering the president's call to #leadonleave and #raisethewage: the president is pursuing the most progressive trade agreement in u.s. history. you can help fight for it, too: rt @whitehouse: at :am et, watch president obama speak on #memorialday at arlington national cemetery →  "americans gave everything they had—not for glory ... but for something greater than themselves." —president obama today is the last day to get your application in for the @ofa summer fellowship program: watch president obama pay tribute to the united states armed forces in the weekly address:  #memorialdayweekendif the u.s. doesn't #leadontrade, others will. let's make sure america writes the rules in this global economy: america needs to lead the way and #actonclimate.  the deadline to be part of the summer #ofafellows program is tomorrow—apply here: live: the president is speaking to the adas israel congregation in celebration of jewish american heritage month. love is winning:  #loveislove read how the obama administration is stepping up to protect honeybees and other pollinators: "rt @whitehouse: a sea level rise of just  foot could cost america $ billion.it's time to #actonclimate:  check out the president's speech at the united states coast guard academy on why it's so important to #actonclimate: this is about making sure there's a level playing field for american workers in the global economy.  #leadontradetv won't be the same without dave. america needs to #leadontrade. if you want trade policy that's tough, progressive, and transparent, add your name: "rt @whitehouse: the planet is getting warmer.glaciers are melting.sea levels are rising.it's time to #actonclimate. "this cannot be subject to the usual politics and the usual rhetoric." —president obama on climate change #actonclimate"it will not be easy, it will require sacrifices, and the politics will be tough. but there is no other way." —president obama #actonclimate"the only way the world is going to prevent the effects of climate change is to slow down the warming of the planet." —president obama"climate change—and especially rising seas—is a threat to our homeland security." —president obama #actonclimate"denying it or refusing to deal with it endangers our national security." —president obama on climate change #actonclimate"cadets, the threat of a changing climate cuts to the very core of your service." —president obama to the u.s. coast guard academy graduates"the planet is getting warmer. fourteen of the  hottest years on record have been in the past  years." —president obama #actonclimate"the best scientists in the world know that climate change is happening." —president obama #actonclimatelive: president obama is delivering the keynote address at the commencement ceremony of the u.s. coast guard academy. tune in at : a.m. et to watch the president deliver a commencement speech at the u.s. coast guard academy: this is why health care reform matters. rt @whitehouse: celebrate  years of @headstartgov with president obama and these cute kids from kansas →  bees. this is your opportunity to get your start in community organizing: it's time to do away with mad men-era workplace policies—add your name if you agree:  live: president obama is speaking to youth and local law enforcement in new jersey. welcome @potus, the official government account of the president of the united states.what will it take for climate change deniers to #actonclimate? "we want a place where you can make it if you try. that’s the promise we make to our young people." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama discusses the importance of expanding opportunity for all americans: this is about leveling the playing field for american workers in the global economy—say it's time to #leadontrade: rt @whitehouse: president obama applauds the senate on taking an important step toward a trade deal that benefits american workers. you could be the next great grassroots organizer. here's how:  #ofafellows"there’s going to be one killer blues session in heaven tonight." —president obama on the passing of #bbking "when it comes to a woman's health, no politician should get to decide what's best for you." —president obama #nwhw this is a real step forward in creating a fair environment for the roughly  million americans with student debt: it's the #gimmefive challenge, presidential style. this shouldn't be an issue in . #leadonleave yumi used to think she couldn't make a difference—now she's helping dreamers in her community. read her story: it's time for the united states to #leadontrade—add your name if you agree: america needs to #leadontrade by making sure any deal lives up to our values. (graphic via @whitehouse) "our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those we lost last night." —president obama on the amtrak derailmentadd your name if you think it's time to treat paid leave like the economic priority it is:  #leadonleaveit's time to do better by working families. let's #leadonleave. rt @whitehouse: rt if you agree: it’s time to expand opportunity by investing in early childhood education. #povertysummit sign on if you agree that working families deserve paid leave:  #leadonleavenasa leads the world in the exploration and study of planets. let's not let climate change deniers change that: rt @whitehouse: watch president obama surprise moms across the country to wish them a #happymothersday: as we continue to celebrate mothers, let's make sure workplace policies live up to what they deserve:  #leadonleaveit's time to give american workers the security of paid leave. #leadonleave "we will be forever grateful for what these remarkable men and women did." —president obama watch: president obama honors the th anniversary of ve day in the weekly address: president obama visits his th state today. see white house photographer @petesouza's gallery from the first : in the last  months, over . million private-sector jobs have been added to the economy. read more: "when the playing field is level, nobody beats the united states of america." —president obama #leadontrade"if any agreement undercuts working families—i wouldn’t sign it." —president obama #leadontrade"if you are opposed to these smart, progress trade deals, that means you must be satisfied with the status quo." —president obama"we have to make sure america writes the rules of the global economy." —president obama #leadontrade"if we don't write the rules for trade around the world, guess what: china will." —president obama #leadontrade"i view smart trade agreements as a part of middle-class economics." —president obama #leadontradelive: president obama is speaking about trade in beaverton, oregon. tune in at : p.m. et to watch the president deliver remarks on trade in beaverton, oregon: the economy added , jobs in april—that's a record  consecutive months of private-sector job growth.too many elected officials are still in denial about climate change. join the team holding them accountable: carbon pollution in the atmosphere has hit a dangerous milestone. it's time for action, not denial.  #actonclimatethat time president obama didn't need an anger translator to show how much we need to #actonclimate:  #tbtaddressing climate change isn't just good for our planet and our economy—it's good for our health:  #actonclimate"rt @vp: communitycollegeshouldbefree.#collegeinwords  add your name if you're ready to #actonclimate:  david letterman and president obama discussed retirement plans last night. take a look: this @ofa volunteer is fighting to make the world better for her grandchildren. working families deserve paid leave. #leadonleave happening now: president obama delivers remarks for the launch of the my brother's keeper alliance at @lehmancollege. tune in at : p.m. et to watch the president speak at the launch of the my brother's keeper alliance. the science is clear—climate change shouldn't be ignored. #actonclimate "a great education can be within everyone’s reach." —president obama watch: in the weekly address, president obama reiterates his commitment to expanding access to education. teachers have the ability to influence their students for life. #thankateacher and share how important yours were: "rt @flotus: who's ready for #collegesigningday?share a photo in your college gear to celebrate students pushing to #reachhigher. know someone who would be perfect for this fellowship? here's where to apply: rt @whitehouse: "i want boys and girls studying all the subjects and getting good at all the subjects" —president obama #booksforall president obama runs into a group of schoolchildren while walking near the white house. warning: cuteness ensues. read president obama's op-ed in the @miamiherald on why we can't wait to #actonclimate: live: the president takes a virtual field trip and discusses improving access to libraries for students.  #booksforallread how this fifth-grade teacher helped inspire the president of the united states:  #thankateacherour education shapes who we become. share who inspired you, and #thankateacher today: check out president obama's interview with @wsj on why america needs to #leadontrade: "rt @whitehouse: great to see @jnjnews expand paid leave benefits.now it's time for congress to #leadonleave:  .@ofa's fellowship program is all about training the next generation of grassroots organizers. be a part of it: live: president obama honors the  national teacher of the year.  #thankateacherrt @whitehouse: watch president obama speak on the situation in baltimore. if you aspire to be a better community organizer, this is for you: thanks to health care reform, people have more options—just another reason americans are #betterwithobamacare: congratulations to loretta lynch, who was sworn in as u.s. attorney general today, the first african-american woman to hold the post.icymi: watch president obama's full remarks to @ofa supporters last week. live: watch the  white house correspondents' dinner.  #whcdcecily strong hosts the white house correspondents' dinner tonight at  p.m. et. watch it here: "we can’t surrender to the future—because we are meant to win the future." —president obama  #leadontradein the weekly address, the president discusses how the new trade deal will benefit american workers and businesses: farmers can fight climate change. read about the obama administration's new plans to help:  #actonclimateif you know someone looking to take their organizing skills to the next level, send them here: america can't stand by and let other countries #leadontrade. we have to step up and write free and fair trade rules. "you give me hope. you guys are doing extraordinary things." —president obama to @ofa supporters"talk to your friends, talk to your neighbors, talk about why this work matters." —president obama to @ofa supporters"if i didn't think this was the best thing to do for working families, i would not be doing it." —president obama #leadontrade"we've got to fight for trade that benefits our workers—on our terms." —president obama #leadontrade"i've been fighting income inequality since before it was cool." —president obama"my entire presidency has been about helping working families." —president obama"the status quo isn't working for our workers." —president obama #leadontrade"it's not just good for our businesses, it's good for our workers." —president obama #leadontrade"it's the most progressive trade agreement in our history." —president obama #leadontrade"we want to make sure we win the future. that's what america is about." —president obama"america needs to write the rules of the global economy. we can't leave it to somebody else." —president obama #leadontrade"this set of trade agreements that we're looking at is vital to middle-class economics." —president obama #leadontrade"today, more than  million americans have gained the security of health insurance." —president obama"i'm proud of all of you, and i hope all of you are proud of what we've done together." —president obama to @ofa supporters"you guys sound fired up!" —president obama at the @ofa spring summitlive on @ofa #periscope: president obama is speaking at the  spring summit. you won't want to miss this. here’s a reminder from @ginaepa of a few challenges the epa has conquered in the past:  #actonclimateapply to be an @ofa fellow today to make a difference in your community: rt @whitehouse: president obama will deliver a statement from the white house briefing room at am et. watch here → #climatechangeisreal. so is president obama's -point game. rt @natlparkservice: president obama &amp; @billnye meeting w/ th graders from miami to talk about #climatechange in honor of #earthday! "we are blessed with the most beautiful god-given landscape in the entire world ... we have to be good stewards for it." —president obama"this is not some impossible problem that we cannot solve. we can solve it if we have the political will." —president obama #actonclimate"no matter who you are, no matter where you live, our parks ... are your birthright as americans."  —president obama  #findyourpark"every dollar invested in the national park service generates $ for the american economy. that's a good investment." —president obama"climate change can no longer be denied. it can't be edited out. it can't be omitted from the conversation." —president obama #actonclimate"the pentagon says that climate change poses an increasing set of risks for global security." —president obama #actonclimate"if we don't act, there may not be an everglades as we know it." —president obama #actonclimate"i can't think of a better way to spend earth day than in one of our greatest national treasures, the everglades." —president obamalive: president obama is discussing the threat climate change poses to our economy and to the world.  #actonclimatetune in at : p.m. et to watch the president speak in everglades national park about fighting climate change: #climatechangeisreal. so is the historic agreement between the u.s. and china last fall to cut carbon pollution.#climatechangeisreal. so are the actions president obama is taking to tackle it. the united states needs to #leadontrade and sell more goods that are #madeinamerica. help organizers from across the country get the training needed to take their skills to the next level: if you want to take your organizing skills to the next level, this is for you—apply to be an @ofa fellow now: watch: this is why it's important for the united states to #leadontrade. rt @whitehouse: president obama is headed to @evergladesnps on #earthday to discuss the need to #actonclimate:  "this week, we embrace our cherished lands and waters, and celebrate the ways they enrich our nation." —president obama #findyourpark"let us seize this opportunity to experience all our great outdoors has to offer." —president obama #findyourpark "climate change can no longer be denied—or ignored." —president obama  #actonclimatewatch: in the weekly address, president obama talks about his commitment to #actonclimate. icymi: check out the full video from the #obamatownhall on equal pay, child care, and more. this article debunks six big myths on climate change:  (h/t @goodhousemag) #actonclimatert @ofa: not talking about it won't make the science disappear. #actonclimate "we shouldn't have to choose between rewarding work and raising a family." —president obama"things like paid leave, paid sick days, child care, equal pay—these are family issues and these are economic issues." —president obama"anything that holds women back holds back the entire country." —president obama #equalpaynow"ensuring equal pay for women is a no-brainer." —president obama #equalpaynow"because our workplaces have changed, we have to change with them." —president obama #equalpaynow"i believe in broad-based economic growth ... that's why we call it middle-class economics." —president obama"we all have a part to play to make sure that everybody's got a fair shot in this society." —president obamalive: president obama is speaking at a champions of change event highlighting people fighting for working families. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama celebrate americans who are fighting for working families: happy #nationalhighfiveday! live: the white house is hosting the eighth annual soldier ride with the wounded warrior project. rt @whitehouse: "that's part of the power of the internet, making sure people don't feel alone on these issues" —obama #obamatownhall live: president obama is speaking with @blogher and @sheknows about equal pay, paid leave, and more.  #obamatownhallit's time for everyone to see equal pay and child care as the economic priorities they are:  #obamatownhallrt @marty_walsh: please join us in a moment of silence today. don't miss today's #obamatownhall with @blogher and @sheknows in charlotte at : p.m. et: rt @cecilia: women make less than men in almost every field  years after graduation. it's time to change that. #equalpayday "when women succeed, america succeeds." —president obama #equalpaynowit's time. #equalpaynow climate change deniers are running out of excuses. #actonclimate "rt @whitehouse: why are there so many photos about rainbows?@petesouza takes you behind the lens →  another reason americans are #betterwithobamacare: "two years of community college should become as free and as universal as high school is today." —@vp joe biden in the weekly address, @vp joe biden talks about the plan to make community college free for two years. watch: the obama administration supports a ban on conversion therapy to protect america's youth. president obama is working with caribbean leaders to make clean energy a priority. find out how:  #switchtocleanretweet if you agree: we have to #actonclimate now. rt @surgeon_general: .@jg: i've treated many patients with asthma, so this issue is very important to me. #askthesurgeongeneral -vm ht…read how one organizer found his inspiration to take action: " million people or more have health insurance that didn't have it before." —president obama on #obamacare check out these great photos from this year's #eastereggroll:  #tbt rt @laborsec: it's a moral imperative to protect the rights of #lgbt workers. today we make another step toward workplace equality: man-made climate change is happening, and it's a real threat to public health. read more here: today marks an important milestone for civil rights. read more from @vj: the white house is expanding "take our daughters and sons to work day" to kids who don't have a workplace to visit: rt @whitehouse: rt to share how we're expanding our use of solar power under president obama →  #actonclimate now is the time to #actonclimate. read how president obama is working to minimize public health risks from climate change:  #actonclimatethe house's budget is based on trickle-down economics that have failed working families. see how it could affect you: happy #openingday. rt @flotus: knockouts. #gimmefive #eastereggroll this would be huge for working families:  #leadonleavetoday is the th white house easter egg roll. check out the celebration here:  #gimmefivewatch: in the weekly address, president obama talks about the historic understanding reached with iran. "from my family to yours, chag sameach." —president obama rt @jimmyfallon: the evolution of mom dancing  - special thanks to @flotus! #gimmefive #momdance  #fallontonightthe president is launching an initiative to train , americans—including veterans—to join the solar workforce: "we've got to lead by example, invest in the future, train our workers to get jobs in the clean energy economy." —president obama"we've got to be relentless in our work to grow the economy and create new jobs." —president obama"since i took office, solar electricity has gone up twenty-fold." —president obama #actonclimatelive: president obama is in utah talking about training american workers for clean energy jobs.  #actonclimatetune in at  p.m. et to watch president obama at hill air force base in utah discuss the importance of clean energy: our economy added , jobs in march, the st consecutive month of private-sector job growth."rt @whitehouse: happy th birthday #westwingweek!watch president obama and president underwood take you behind the scenes → live: president obama is speaking in louisville, kentucky, about the economy. tune in at : p.m. et to watch the president deliver remarks on our economy in louisville, kentucky: we need a budget that works for every american—not just the wealthy few. happening now: the president is delivering a statement on iran. this -year-old girl stood up for what she believes in, and then got a letter back from the president: read how #obamacare is a major reason why we’ve seen an estimated , fewer preventable patient deaths: renewable energy investments are up  percent globally from . read more: the budget resolutions congress passed would devastate programs millions of middle-class families rely upon. climate change is a global problem. here's another step towards solving it:  #actonclimateget ready for the final sprint. you have until midnight to enter ... go!  this shouldn't be a debate. #actonclimate rt @whitehouse: america is taking steps to #actonclimate, and the world is joining us →  you could talk about anything—even compare jump shots. enter now:  be one of the people building this grassroots movement from the ground up: stay calm, but act fast: there's one day left to enter for the chance to meet president obama.  another nation commits to #actonclimate—mexico announced it would cut carbon pollution  percent by : free flight, free hotel, and a chance to meet the president? enter today:  live: president obama is speaking about the life and legacy of senator ted kennedy in boston. "protecting working americans’ paychecks shouldn’t be a partisan issue." —president obama watch: the president highlights the progress made since he signed wall street reform into law five years ago. you've got this:  check this off your bucket list.  "time and time again, @senatorreid stood up to special interests and made sure every one of his constituents had a voice." —president obamawouldn't it be nice to fly to d.c. to meet president obama? here's your chance: if you believe in this grassroots movement for change, make an investment in its future—chip in today: "there's nothing we can't do if the american people decide it's time." —president obama"we're also our brother's keeper ... our sister's keeper. we're also a country that believes everyone gets a fair shot." —president obama"wall street reform, what we passed five years ago, is protecting working families and taxpayers." —president obama"i want to invest in basic research so the jobs and industry of the future take root here." —president obama"the deficit has come down by two-thirds since i've been president." —president obama"i want to put more people back to work—rebuilding our roads and our bridges, modern ports, faster trains, faster internet" —president obama"these ideas are not about ideology—the reason we proposed these ideas is because we know they work." —president obama"two years of community college should be as free and universal as high school is today." —president obama #collegeopportunity"thanks to the hard work of the american people, america's coming back." —president obama"more than  million americans have gained the security of health insurance." —president obama #betterwithobamacare"in america, if you work hard, you can get ahead." —president obamalive: president obama is speaking about the economy at lawson state community college in birmingham, alabama. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak about the economy at lawson state community college: "add your name. get entered to win a trip for two to d.c. meet the president. it's that easy. get ready—enter for your chance to meet president obama:  read how these three women's lives and careers are #betterwithobamacare: this is a free trip for two to our nation's capital—and you'll get to meet president obama: "it's the end of discrimination against the sick in america." —president obama on how we're #betterwithobamacare. think you can nail the punchline? here's your chance:  live: president obama is talking about the success of the affordable care act. "it is unbelievable what so many of these young people have accomplished." —president obama  #whsciencefairwatch: president obama talks with -year-old "supergirls" at the #whsciencefair. share what inspired you to get involved, and be automatically entered to meet the president:  read how #obamacare has been an "amazing catalyst for job creation and innovation." five years ago, health care reform became law. since then, it's helped m people get covered:  #betterwithobamacareon the fifth anniversary of health care reform, see how america is #betterwithobamacare:  “actual facts show that the affordable care act is good for our economy." —president obama  #betterwithobamacarewatch: the president calls on the senate to stop playing politics and confirm loretta lynch as attorney general. live: president obama is speaking about helping all young americans reach their full potential at the #whfilmfest. rt @whitehouse: tune in at pm et for some amazing short films at the  #whfilmfest →  vote on the flunked-science four now:  #championdenier the president announced a % cut in federal carbon pollution over the next decade, saving $ billion.  #actonclimateamerica needs a budget that builds a stronger middle class—not one that revisits failed policies. it's that time of year. check out the presidential bracket.  #baracketology"we know what works. we know what we have to do. we've just got to put aside the stale and outmoded debates." —president obama"today i announced nearly $ million in new public and private investment for american manufacturing." —president obama"i've proposed making two years of community college as free and universal as high school is today." —president obama"i want to make sure all our kids get a great education from the earliest age." —president obama"republicans in congress have put together the same proposals year after year after year." —president obama"the republican budget would strip health insurance for millions of americans." —president obama"there's nothing i'd like more than an opposition party that works with me to let hard-working americans get ahead." —president obama"reality has rendered it's judgement: trickle-down economics does not work, and middle-class economics does." —president obama"we've emerged from what was a once-in-a-generation crisis, better positioned for the future than any of our competitors." —president obama"since i took office, we've cut our deficits as a share of our economy by about two-thirds." —president obama"more than  million americans have gained the security of health care coverage." —president obama"the typical family this year should save more than $ at the pump." —president obama"every three weeks we produce as much solar power as we did in all of ."  —president obama"today there are more job openings in the united states than any time since ." —president obama"we're now in the midst of the longest streak of private-sector growth on record." —president obama"america's businesses have added more than , jobs each month for  straight months." —president obama"do we retreat from the realities of a st century economy, or do we advance together?"—president obamalive: president obama speaks at the city club of cleveland about the importance of middle-class economics. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama talk about middle-class economics in cleveland, ohio. read the president's reply to a high school student's letter about the unequal distribution of school supplies: happy saint patrick's day. watch: president obama discusses #collegeopportunity with students from across the country. before this round ends, help decide who advances in the climate change fantasy tournament:  #championdenierthanks to #obamacare, . million more americans have the security of health coverage. in the weekly address, president obama lays out his plan for quality, affordable higher education for all americans: read how the obama administration is fighting state bans on same-sex marriage:  #loveislovetime to weigh in—who deserves the #championdenier title? for real though:  #canilivert @jimmykimmellive: #tbt just two dudes sharing a high five. watch jimmy interview president obama tonight on #kimmel! #obamaonkimmel we've already tripled wind energy in america, but there's more we can do.  #switchtocleanwho will take home the title of #championdenier? vote now:  rt @flotus: if you submit a video on your high school and the @fafsa, flotus might speak at graduation.  icymi: nearly . million americans enrolled in health care through the open marketplace. solar power is growing at record rates, supporting american jobs and helping fight climate change:  #switchtocleanwe're making big strides in combating climate change—but more can be done. #actonclimate "no matter who you are or where you come from, not only can you succeed, but you can help everybody else succeed." —president obama"inspire us. lead us. be the americans that we need you to be." —president obama #collegeopportunity"change doesn't happen by itself. it happens because people get organized." —president obama"you're not just investing in yourself—you're investing in your nation." —president obama #collegeopportunity"we're trying to make sure that across the board more and more young people can afford to go to college." —president obama"i sent congress a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college to zero." —president obama #collegeopportunity"i'm only standing here because of scholarships and loans and work study." —president obama #collegeopportunity"i believe america is not a place where higher education is a privilege reserved for the few." —president obama #collegeopportunity"the ability to compete in the global economy depends on us having the world's most skilled, best educated workforce."  —president obama"your most valuable asset is your imagination." —president obama #collegeopportunity"today a college degree is the surest ticket to the middle class." —president obama #collegeopportunity"after the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, over the past five years our economy has created  million new jobs." —president obama"i believe that higher education is one of the best investments anybody can make in their future." —president obama #collegeopportunitylive: president obama is talking to students at @georgiatech about how to make college in america more affordable. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama discuss college affordability at @georgiatech: "rt @whitehouse: our march is not yet finished, but we're getting closer.#selma #marchon watch president obama and @flotus reflect on their visit to selma:  #selma"women make immeasurable contributions to our world." —president obama #happyinternationalwomensday rt @vj: potus invited an old friend, edith childs, to his town hall. edith was the first to say "fired up, ready to go!!" "we honor those who walked so we could run. we must run so our children soar." —president obama #selma #marchon"what a glorious task we are given, to continually try to improve this great nation of ours." —president obama #selma #marchon"we respect the past, but we don’t pine for the past. we don’t fear the future." —president obama #selma #marchon"we know america is what we make of it." —president obama #selma #marchon"we can make sure every person willing to work has the dignity of a job, and a fair wage, and a real voice." —president obama #selma"with effort, we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity." —president obama #selma #marchon"this is work for all americans, and not just some. not just whites. not just blacks." —president obama #selma #marchon"selma teaches us, too, that action requires that we shed our cynicism." —president obama #selma #marchon"if selma taught us anything, it’s that our work is never done." —president obama #selma #marchon"young people can draw strength from this place, where the powerless could change the world’s greatest power." —president obama #selma"that’s what this movement was all about—one leg in our long journey toward freedom." —president obama #selma #marchon"what greater form of patriotism is there than the belief that america is not yet finished." —president obama #selma #marchon"what could be more american than what happened in this place?" —president obama #selma #marchon"they proved that nonviolent change is possible. that love and hope can conquer hate." —president obama #selma"what enormous faith these men and women had—faith in god, but also faith in america." —president obama #selma"it was not a clash of armies, but a clash of wills; a contest to determine the true meaning of america." —president obama #selma"there are places and moments in america where this nation’s destiny has been decided ... selma is such a place." —president obama #marchonlive: president obama is speaking at the edmund pettus bridge on the th anniversary of the selma marches.  #selmatune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak in selma, alabama:  #marchon watch: president obama discusses the need to encourage the education of girls around the globe.  #letgirlslearnlearn about the legacy of selma, listen to stories from courageous civil rights activists, and #marchon: rt @whitehouse: “do not get cynical about what’s possible." —president obama to young people at @benedictedu live: president obama is participating in a town hall at @benedictedu about youth opportunities. our economy added , jobs last month—that's a record  consecutive months of private-sector job growth: rt @whitehouse: find out how you can make a difference in the lives of some incredible young people →  #mybrotherskee…the number of uninsured americans continues to drop within the first two months of : the unemployment rate dropped in every single state during —the first time that's happened in  years. president obama's progressive trade deal would mean stronger protections for workers and the environment: if you're passionate about marriage equality, take a look at this progress—state by state:  #loveislovert @flotus: worth a read: the first lady on @upworthy announcing new steps to help #letgirlslearn around the globe: "every girl deserves an education." —president obama #letgirlslearn live: president obama and @flotus discuss expanding efforts to help #letgirlslearn around the world. "throughout history, extraordinary women have fought tirelessly to broaden our democracy's reach." —president obama #womenshistorymonththe excuses not to #actonclimate need to end. in the weekly address, the president talks about ensuring that all hard-working americans can retire with dignity. six hours until a homeland security shutdown. #enoughalready—time to pass the bipartisan funding bill now."long before being nerdy was cool, there was leonard nimoy." —president obama #llapwe can't govern from crisis to crisis. add your name if you support a long-term plan to #funddhs:  #enoughalready"you shouldn't feel like you can't make mistakes at this point." —president obama to noah mcqueen  #mybrotherskeeperrt @whitehouse: rt if you agree: it's time for republicans in congress to stop playing politics with our national security. #funddhs great news: today, the @fcc voted in favor of a free and open internet.  #netneutralitymissed the #obamatownhall on immigration reform last night? watch it here: important: congress is only one day away from another shutdown. #enoughalready "rt @msnbc: .@jdbalart hosts an immigration town hall with pres. obama on wednesday at  pm et only on @msnbc. #obamatownhallrt @telemundonews: esta noche @telemundo te presenta el “encuentro con obama”. envía tus preguntas al hashtag =&gt; #obamaresponde we're just two days away from another shutdown—your voice matters more than ever. add your name:  #enoughalreadyconsumer protections for retirement savings are critical for middle-class families. read why:  (via @dispatchalerts)tell new congressional leaders #enoughalready—no more manufactured crises over politics: icymi: a comprehensive immigration reform bill sat on speaker boehner's desk for more than  days. #enoughalreadysome in congress would choose not to fund @dhsgov rather than fix our broken immigration system. #enoughalready"it's time to end the era of manufactured crises." —president obama on #immigrationaction let congressional leaders know that another shutdown is the last thing we need. add your name now:  #enoughalreadyreminder: the debate in congress right now is supposed to be about funding the department of homeland security. #enoughalreadyrt @whitehouse: "in america, after a lifetime of hard work, you should be able to retire with dignity and a sense of security." —obama #pro…live: president obama is talking about how strengthening retirement security is good for the middle class. only two months on the job, the new congress is already threatening a partial government shutdown. #enoughalready in the weekly address, the president discusses opening new markets to grow the economy and support good-paying jobs: every day is #loveyourpetday. here are eight ways #obamacare has proved the critics wrong:  (h/t @voxdotcom)it's more than health insurance—it's peace of mind. live: the president announces new national monuments and an initiative to protect the nation's unique outdoor spaces. "trade has an important role to play in supporting good-paying, middle-class jobs in the u.s." —president obama too many lawmakers still deny the science of climate change. call them out now:  #actonclimate the affordable care act is helping millions of families—we can't go back now. "rt @whitehouse: breaking: about . million americans are signed up for private health coverage. #millionandcounting #acaworks"rt @flotus: look who's helping kids #eatbrighter:@billyeichner ✓@bigbird ✓@funnyordie ✓@pma ✓the first lady ✓ #…"the deadline is here. go #getcoverednow:  last call for health insurance this year:  #getcoverednow"nothing will determine our success as a nation in the st century more than how well we educate our kids." get it done today:  in the weekly address, the president lays out his plan to ensure more kids graduate from school ready for the future: just like your favorite romantic comedies—but with benefits:  #getcoverednowthe united states can make real progress on climate change. read more from @podesta: live: president obama is speaking at the white house #cybersummit at @stanford. make sure your loved ones are covered:  #getcoverednow speaking of #yolo: so, this happened:  #caniliveno more games—congress should stop the political posturing and make progress on immigration. #enoughalready three days left:  #getcovered happening now: president obama discusses taking action against isil. the president discusses the importance of health care and marriage equality progress in his interview with @buzzfeed: of all the things you do today, getting covered before the enrollment deadline could be the most crucial:  #getcoveredit's the final countdown: only five days left in the enrollment period. #getcovered now.  it's time to #getcovered. watch: joshua got covered so that he could stay healthy—without worrying about expensive premiums. repealing the affordable care act would mean millions of americans could lose their health insurance: president obama sat down with @voxdotcom to discuss health care, the economy, and america's position in the world: watch the message that aired tonight during the #grammys from president obama: #itsonus to stop sexual assault. watch: in the weekly address, president obama highlights the country's economic progress. watch: these people are why the affordable care act matters. "let's roll up our sleeves, work together, and try to get something done." —president obama"i'm not pushing these ideas for my sake. i'm pushing them because i think this is where america needs to go." —president obama #leadership"at a time when the economy is picking up speed and growing again, we've got to work twice as hard." —president obama"i want to make sure that this is a country where hard work is rewarded." —president obama"we have risen from recession, freer to write our own future than any nation on earth." —president obama"america is poised for another good year... as long as washington works to keep this progress going." —president obama"and, in the single most hopeful sign for middle-class families, wages are starting to go up again." —president obama"over the past  months, the private sector has added almost  million new jobs." —president obama"in , our economy created . million jobs—and that's the best year of job growth since the s." —president obamalive: the president answers questions from students and faculty at ivy tech community college in indianapolis. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama take questions from students on jobs and education at a town hall: the economy added , jobs in january, part of the strongest three-month growth since . let's keep it going: good news: wind and solar energy have tripled since . watch: no one's invincible.  #getcoveredjake has coverage he can count on, for less than he expected. #getcovered the last chance to #getcovered for  is only days away. find a plan today:  today, president obama met with young immigrants whose lives are positively affected by #immigrationaction. not that much time left to #getcovered: rt @ofa: help commemorate #blackhistorymonth—it's on all of us to get involved and make a positive impact: check out president obama's comprehensive budget plan, and see how he's investing in middle-class families: "we have to pass a budget that gives middle-class families the security they need to get ahead in the new economy." —president obamalive: president obama discusses how his budget will bring middle-class economics into the st century. rt @ofa: okay, campers, rise and shine. another attempt to repeal obamacare is making it coooold out there today."i will keep doing everything i can to help more working families make ends meet and get ahead." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama lays the foundation for focusing on middle-class economics: check getting covered off of your to-do list. find a plan that works for you before the february th deadline: climate change deniers, take note: the vast majority of americans agree that it's time to #actonclimate. happening now: president obama speaks about investing in precision medicine to improve health and disease treatment. six years ago, the president signed the lilly ledbetter fair pay act—but the fight for equal pay is far from over. parents will always worry about their kids. give them some peace of mind—#getcovered today.  #yoenrollrt @whitehouse: worth a read: president obama on his blueprint for middle-class economics →  #americaleads get a state-by-state breakdown on how much the president's #immigrationaction will benefit the economy: . million americans have signed up for coverage—and we're not done yet. .@vp stops by @theellenshow with a message for young adults: give your mom some peace of mind and #getcovered. if you need health insurance, find a plan that's right for you right now:  #getcovered"people want to see an agenda that moves us all forward." read president obama's latest message to @ofa: rt @whitehouse: big news: president obama just announced a comprehensive plan to protect alaska’s arctic national wildlife refuge → watch the weekly address: we have to do everything we can to help more americans get ahead in the new economy. "somewhere, the sun is shining, the air is fresh, his team's behind him, and mr. class—'mr. cub'—is ready to play two." —president obamalive: president obama is speaking at the u.s. conference of mayors. watch here: these senators are at odds with % of climate scientists and nasa. #actonclimate watch: don't be that person. stop waiting around and #getcovered today. "i am deeply committed to protecting this core constitutional right." —president obama on the nd anniversary of #roevwadehappening now: president obama is being interviewed by @youtube stars bethany mota, glozell green and hank green. read president obama's latest message to @ofa supporters after his state of the union address: find out which senators just went on the record to say that man-made climate change isn't real:  #actonclimatelive: president obama is speaking at @kunews about middle-class economics. tune in: next stop: kansas. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama talk about middle-class economics. rt @ofa: after his state of the union address, president obama sent a message for ofa supporters. read it here: live: a day after his state of the union address, president obama is in idaho spekaing at @boisestatelive. tune in: president obama is doing what he can to fight for middle-class families. take a stand on this: it's #bigblockofcheeseday: check out the schedule of white house staff answering your questions. let's go. rt @ofa: the cynics are wrong. if you refuse to give in to cynicism, this is the movement for you:  #sotu"let’s begin this new chapter—together—and let’s start the work right now." —president obama #sotu #americaleads"my fellow americans, we too are a strong, tight-knit family. we, too, have made it through some hard times." —president obama #sotu"i want future generations to know that we are a people that see our differences as a great gift." —president obama #sotu"if you share the broad vision i outlined tonight, join me in the work at hand." —president obama #sotu #americaleadsrt @whitehouse: "i said this because i had seen it in my own life, in a nation that gave someone like me a chance." —obama #sotu "it’s possible to shape a law that upholds our tradition as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants." —president obama #soturetweet if you agree: #loveislove. #sotu "i’ve seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom." —president obama #sotu"i know the good, and optimistic, and big-hearted generosity of the american people." — president obama #sotu"i still believe we are one people. i still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long." —president obama"i know how tempting such cynicism may be. but i still think the cynics are wrong." —president obama #sotu"leading — always — with the example of our values. that’s what makes us exceptional. that’s what keeps us strong." — president obama #sotu"i will not let this congress endanger the health of our children by turning back our efforts." —president obama #sotu #actonclimate" of the  warmest years on record have all fallen in the first  years of this century." —president obama #sotu #actonclimate"no challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change." —president obama #sotu #actonclimatethe science is clear: we have to #actonclimate. #sotu "when what you're doing hasn't worked for  years, it's time to try something new." —president obama #soturt @ofa: america should lead on science and technology and americans should win the race on the kinds of discoveries that unleash new jobs.…rt @whitehouse: "we need a tax code that truly helps working americans" —obama #sotu #middleclasstaxcuts "we need a tax code that truly helps working americans trying to get a leg up in the new economy." —president obama #sotu"when it comes to issues like infrastructure and basic research, i know there’s bipartisan support in this chamber." —president obama #sotu"st century businesses will rely on american science, technology, research and development." —president obama #sotu"let’s pass a bipartisan infrastructure plan that could create more than  times as many jobs per year.” —president obama #sotu"to every ceo in america: if you want someone who will get the job done and done right, hire a veteran." —president obama #sotu"as a new generation of veterans come home, we owe them every opportunity to live the american dream they helped defend." —president obama"free community college is possible—and i want to spread that idea all across america." —president obama #soturt @ofa: if you're nodding your head during president obama's #sotu, you should be part of this: "that’s why i am sending this congress a bold new plan to lower the cost of community college—to zero." —president obama #sotu“we still need laws that strengthen rather than weaken unions, and give american workers a voice.” —president obama #sotu #americaleads"if you truly believe you could work full-time and support a family on less than $, a year, go try it." —president obama #raisethewage"it's . it's time." —president obama on equal pay #leadonleave"send me a bill that gives every worker in america the opportunity to earn seven days of paid sick leave." —president obama #sotu"we’re the only advanced country on earth that doesn’t guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave." —president obama #sotupaid leave should be a right for all workers—not just a privilege. let's #leadonleave. #sotu rt @whitehouse: "it’s not a nice-to-have—it’s a must-have. it’s time we stop treating child care as a side issue" —obama #sotu "middle-class economics means helping working families feel more secure in a world of constant change." —president obama #sotu"this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot." —president obama #soturt @whitehouse: "in the past year…about  million uninsured americans finally gained the security of health coverage." —obama rt @ofa: it's time for congress to help build an economy that works for everyone and not just for a few. #sotu“tonight, together, let’s do more to restore the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every american.” —president obama #soturetweet if you agree with president obama. #sotu millions more now have the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance, thanks to #obamacare. #sotu "in the past year alone, about  million uninsured americans finally gained the security of health coverage." —president obama #sotu“over the past five years, our businesses have created more than  million new jobs.” —president obama #sotu"in two weeks, i will send this congress a budget filled with ideas that are practical, not partisan." —president obama #soturt @ofa: we’ve fought our way back from economic crisis. it’s time for congress to build on that momentum. #sotu"it's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next  years, and for decades to come." —president obama #sotu"we salute the courage and sacrifice of every man and woman in this / generation who has served to keep us safe." —president obama #sotu"more of our kids are graduating than ever before. more of our people are insured than ever before." —president obama #sotu"our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis." —president obama #sotu"tonight, after a breakthrough year for america, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since ." —president obamalive: president obama is delivering the state of the union to congress. watch here:  #soturt @whitehouse: president obama's suiting up for the big speech. watch at pm et →  #yeswetan here's the best place to watch president obama deliver his sixth state of the union at : p.m. et:  #sotuadd your name: take a stand for middle-class families.  #soturt @ofa: while watching the #sotu tonight, here's a fun game to play with friends. we call it denier bingo:  #spotthe…if you think it's time for congress to get to work on an agenda that moves us forward, add your name:  #sotuwatch: president obama gives a behind-the-scenes look into tonight's #sotu address. tonight, the president will lay out how he plans to fight for middle-class families. say you'll stand alongside him: don't miss the state of the union address at : p.m. et tonight. tune in here:  #sotuready?  #sotu rt @whitehouse: "go to  to find a project happening right now near you." —president obama:  #ma…"from dr. king's courage, we draw strength and the resolve to continue climbing toward the promised land." —president obama #mlkdayget ready: in the state of the union, president obama will outline policies to help middle-class families.  #sotu"all of us have a right to be proud of the progress america has made." —president obama in the weekly address, president obama previews his state of the union address on tuesday. watch here:  #sotuwishing @flotus the happiest birthday today. thanks for being an inspiration every day of the year. "rt @whitehouse: the cast of the west wing ✓@presssec ✓cheese puns ✓big block of cheese day is coming back.watch → it's official:  was the hottest year on record.  it's time to #actonclimate.thanks to #obamacare, fewer people are facing financial distress because of medical bills. more from @nytimes: retweet if you believe solar energy is critical to america's future. #gosolarlast call: enroll now and have health insurance on february st. read the latest op-ed from @vj about the importance of paid family leave:  #leadonleaveenroll today for health insurance that starts on february st:  icymi: president obama wants your internet to move faster.  #betterbroadbandthe u.s. solar industry is booming. read more from @bw:  #solarjobstoday is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on february st. #getcovered: president obama is working to cut harmful methane emissions. more from @time:  #actonclimatelive: the president is discussing new steps to help americans get access to #betterbroadband. tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama lay out new steps to increase access to #betterbroadband: instead of passing comprehensive immigration reform, the house just voted to roll back progress. it's time for solutions, not politics.tomorrow is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on february st. check your options:  #getcoveredrt @whitehouse: breaking: watch president obama announce new steps to help more americans access #betterbroadband → the deadline to #getcovered is coming up fast. don't miss your chance to find a plan that works for you: have health insurance on february st. sign up today.  #getcovered over  straight months of growth, the private sector has added . million jobs. great news: at the start of , workers in twenty states saw an increase to the minimum wage.  #raisethewage"when we americans put our minds together and our shoulder to the wheel, there's nothing we can't do." —president obama #cybersecurity"i hope congress joins us in this national movement to protect the privacy of our children." —president obama #cybersecurity"michelle and i are like parents everywhere—we want to make sure our children are being safe and smart online." —president obama"we want our kids privacy protected—no matter where they sign on." —president obama #cybersecurity"i'm announcing new steps to protect the identities and privacy of the american people." —president obama #cybersecurity"if we're going to be connected, then we need to be protected." —president obama #cybersecurity"today, i'm focusing on how to better protect american consumers from identity theft." —president obama #cybersecuritywatch: president obama is speaking at the federal trade commission about tackling consumer privacy. watch the president speak at : a.m. et about ways to tackle identity theft and improve confidence in technology: "america is coming back. and i want to go full speed ahead." —president obama watch the weekly address: president obama discusses america's resurgence and how he'll continue to build progress. live: the president is in knoxville discussing new initiatives to help americans go to college.  #freecommunitycollegefact: the annual average unemployment rate fell . percent between  and , the largest decline since .it's official: the economy added , jobs in december, making  the best year for job growth since . rt @whitehouse: breaking: watch president obama announce his #freecommunitycollege proposal →  live: president obama is in arizona speaking about the middle class and the housing market. president obama is speaking at : p.m. et about how far the housing market has come since the recession. tune in: if you don't have health insurance, #getcovered today: great news: the uninsured rate in the u.s. has dropped to . percent.  #obamacare"america's coming back. and i'm going to be on your side every step of the way." —president obama #madeinamerica"we may not all be rooting for the lions, but america is rooting for detroit." —president obama"saving the american auto industry was the right thing to do." —president obama #madeinamerica"no matter how tough times get, americans are tougher." —president obama #madeinamerica"we can help every american get the education they need to get ahead in this country." —president obama"america's resurgence is real. don't let anybody tell you otherwise." —president obama #madeinamerica"we've now had a -month streak of private-sector job creation." —president obama #madeinamerica"last year was the strongest year for job growth since the s." —president obama #madeinamerica"detroit always comes back." —president obamalive: the president is speaking about his decision to save the american auto industry and over  million jobs. rt @whitehouse: the resurgence of the american auto industry in  gifs →  #madeinamerica tune in at : p.m. et to watch president obama speak from michigan about the resurgent american auto industry: having health care is a big deal. check out your options today:  #getcovereddon't forget: this is why we fought for health care reform. rt @nationalzoo: today was bao bao's first time playing in the snow! and she totally rocked it. after almost a week into the new year, keep up your #healthy resolution by getting covered: rt @ofa_fl: retweet to help celebrate the first day of same-sex marriages in the sunshine state. #loveislove "obamacare's guaranteed health coverage changes lives in first year" more from @latimes: take care of yourself today—#getcovered for tomorrow: "i will miss stuart scott ... over the years, he entertained us, and in the end, he inspired us—with courage and love." —president obamawatch the weekly address: @vp biden wants people to #getcovered in the new year. today is a great day to #getcovered: make getting health insurance one of the first things you do this year: here's to a happy and healthy .last call: chip in to keep building a truly grassroots movement. midnight deadline: chip in now to keep pushing this movement forward. own a part of this movement—chip in now: what motivates you to fight for change? take this one-question survey: before the ball drops, make sure you chip in to help fight for change in : let's fight for progress next year:  president obama wants to know what's at the top of your agenda in : not much time left—chip in and help start  strong: this is how grassroots organizing is making progress in the fight to reduce gun violence: your support is building a movement of millions: this deadline matters for anyone who believes in fighting for change—chip in today: don't let up. keep fighting for what you believe in—chip in right now: your voice matters. own a piece of this movement, and let's start  off strong:  you can make a difference for next year right now—chip in today: take this survey—it's only one question:  let's start  strong—chip in right now: take a moment and say what you're ready to fight for in : see why  was a breakthrough year for america: chip in to be a part of this movement for change: there's a lot to do next year—chip in right now: your commitment makes this grassroots movement what it is. own a piece of it:  send a message—show you stand with progress in : this will take you less than a minute:  chip in if you want to help make progress on the issues you care most about next year: president obama: "i won't stop fighting for the american people until the day i leave this office. that's a promise." this is a big deadline—don't miss out. answer this one question survey: what issue will you keep fighting for in ? read president obama's latest message to @ofa supporters about fighting alongside him in : grassroots organizing: this is worth investing in. "michelle and i extend our warmest wishes to those celebrating kwanzaa this holiday season." —president obamaicymi: our economy is growing at its fastest pace in  years. watch president obama and the first lady wish all americans a merry christmas and happy holidays: have a merry christmas. say hello to friends you know and everyone you meet. last chance: sign this holiday card for president obama before it's too late. plan ahead and #getcovered:  president obama vowed that  would be a year of action. read how he delivered on that promise: "rt @whitehouse: wages: ↑gdp: ↑consumer spending: ↑business investment: ↑ in the third quarter, the u.s. economy grew at its strongest rate in over a decade. read more: only a few hours left to make sure your name is on @ofa's holiday card for president obama: it's the holiday season—sign this card for president obama: you care about your loved ones. so make sure they get covered:  there's still time to sign the @ofa holiday card for the president:  "pick any metric you want—america’s resurgence is real." watch president obama's weekly address: when you're with your family this holiday season, talk to your loved ones about getting covered: in this week's address, president obama reflects on the progress we made in . five reasons why  was a breakthrough year for america:  h/t @pfeifferhappening now: president obama is holding a news conference. tune in here: be prepared. #getcovered today:  #buynowsavelater send season's greetings to president obama—you can even include a personal note: after nine years, the best source of "truthiness" is coming to an end. congratulations @stephenathome. you don't need a stamp to send this holiday card:  these folks are ready to lead in the fight against climate change:  #actonclimatewish the president happy holidays. sign ofa's card: "number of uninsured americans near historic low" more from @time:  #obamacareit's beginning to look a lot like holiday card season. sign @ofa's card for president obama:  "obamacare’s best week yet brings  million new sign-ups" more from @business: sign @ofa's holiday card for president obama—then send a note to tell him what you'll be fighting for in : happening now: president obama delivers a statement on cuba. watch: president obama took action to protect bristol bay in alaska, one of america's greatest natural treasures. chag sameach. #happyhanukkahrt @ofa: icymi: our economy just experienced a record-setting  straight months of job growth in the private sector. year in review: the u.s. economy took a major step forward in . last call: there are only a few hours left to enroll for coverage that starts january st.  #getcoveredtoday is your last chance to enroll for health coverage that starts new year's day: get covered today: sign up right now to get health coverage that begins january st. "when the world calls on america, we call on you—our men and women in uniform." —president obama #joiningforces"we're free and safe and secure over here because you're willing to serve over there." —president obama #joiningforces"we can never thank you enough." —president obama addressing the troops #joiningforces"when it comes to our troops ... we stand united." —president obama #joiningforceslive: president obama is in new jersey thanking the troops for all they do for our country. tune in: president obama is speaking to american troops at : p.m. et to express his gratitude for their service: deadline: sign up today for health insurance that starts on january st.  you don't have much time left to start  with health insurance. sign up here:  #getcoveredtomorrow's deadline to #getcovered for the new year is important: don't miss it.  get covered today, and you'll have health insurance on day one of : tomorrow is the deadline to enroll for health coverage that starts january st. sign up right now:  #getcoveredyou don't have much time left to get health insurance by january st. #getcovered now:  start  with health insurance:  #getcovered "no one sacrifices more to preserve our blessings than our extraordinary men and women in uniform." —president obama there are only #daysleft to get health coverage on january st. don't wait any longer: #getcovered. watch: in the weekly address, president obama thanks american men and women in uniform. if you're thinking about having a #healthy, make sure you #getcovered: rt @younginvincible: want a #healthy? #getcovered! for coverage on jan , you'll need to sign up by dec . just #daysleft! focus on what matters this holiday season. make sure your loved ones #getcovered:  #healthyexercise and health insurance: two ways to have a #healthy.  a big part of a #healthy is making sure you have health insurance: rt @dulehill:  days left until christmas,  days left until the new year and #daysleft to #getcovered rt @elizabethbanks: just a reminder, re: heathcare, i'm a big fan. #daysleft to #getcovered at  -- your body will th…president obama's #immigrationaction could have a big impact on reducing the deficit. during this season of giving, save a donation to support grassroots organizing: sign up now to be covered in the new year:  #buynowsavelater celebrate the holiday season with the ones you love—and make sure they #getcovered: "this is an issue that's bigger than politics." —president obama on early childhood education #investinus"early education is one of the best investments we can make." —president obama #investinuslive: president obama is speaking at the white house summit on early education. watch here:  #investinusalready covered? make sure to check out your options:  #staycovered president obama's #immigrationaction could give our economy a big boost:  immigration reform makes both moral and economic sense. read more from @pennypritzker: "this is what makes america exceptional. we welcome strivers, and we welcome dreamers from all across the world.” —president obama“immigrants have been a net plus to our economy and a net plus to our society.” —president obama #immigrationaction“we just need congress to work with us to create a common-sense law to fix this immigration system.” —president obama #immigrationaction"we're going to bring more undocumented immigrants out of the shadows so they can play by the rules." —president obama #immigrationaction"the best way to solve this system is by working together." —president obama #immigrationaction"nashville has one of the fastest growing immigrant populations in the country ... they are us." —president obama #immigrationactionlive: the president is holding a town hall meeting in nashville about #immigrationaction. watch here: the president will speak in nashville at : p.m. et about how to fix our broken immigration system. tune in: watch: last night, president obama sat in for @stephenathome during "the word". president obama sits down with @bet tonight at  p.m. et. watch a preview here: in arizona, a group of @ofa fellows have become difference-makers. read more: side with cleaner air, not big polluters: you have the power to make history. apply to become an @ofa spring fellow—the deadline is today: holidays can be hectic. take this off your mind:  #getcoveredstand up for clean air:  #actonclimateicymi:  months of job growth = the longest streak on record. read more: "we still have a lot of work to do together. but we have real, tangible evidence of our progress." —president obama watch the weekly address: we're making real economic progress—but we have to keep it up. in just the first two weeks of enrollment, . million americans applied for affordable health coverage: the president proposed new standards for smog-forming pollution. add your name to fight for cleaner air: the clean air act has been improving air quality for over  years—read what @ginaepa wrote about proposed updates: our economy has created . million jobs so far this year, higher than any full year since the late s. rt @whitehouse: "last month, america's businesses created more than , jobs." —president obama: our economy added , jobs in november, the most in nearly three years:  #actonjobsretweet if you want to see solutions, not political games. #nomoregames instead of votes that make our broken immigration system worse, we need solutions. say you're tired of the games: live: celebrate the start of the holiday season by watching the national christmas tree lighting at the @whitehouse. the house just voted to make our broken immigration system worse, not better. it's time for comprehensive solutions. #nomoregamesa first-class opportunity for anybody wanting to sharpen their grassroots organizing skills: you've got options. take a look:  #getcovered #staycoveredread the president's latest op-ed on why he acted on immigration:  #immigrationactionwatch: president obama is speaking at the  white house tribal nations conference. be prepared.  #buynowsavelater big news: more than  u.s. companies are supporting the president's plan to cut carbon pollution from power plants. have you checked your options yet? #getcovered: live: president obama is speaking about the economy. tune in: watch: president obama is discussing progress in the fight against ebola. don't wait to #getcovered. check out your options today: rt @whitehouse: introducing the first-ever d-printed presidential portrait. watch how the @smithsonian made it → make history in your community:  getting covered is easier than you think: "let's recommit ourselves to achieving an aids-free generation in our lifetimes." —president obama  #worldaidsdayrt @kerrywashington: #getcovered sign up for quality health coverage today!  president obama is taking a big step towards fixing our broken immigration system. stand up for #immigrationaction: rt @vp: affordable health care won't break the bank. shop to #getcovered on #cybermonday at  → now accepting applications: @ofa is running a specialized program to train grassroots organizers of all levels. check out the offers on this marketplace today:  #getcovered check this off your to-do list: find quality, affordable health care.  #getcovered make sure everyone in your life who needs it knows the health care marketplace is open again:  #getcoveredthere's no better time to be thankful for your health––but make sure you're prepared for anything:  #getcoveredthe most important marketplace open today:  #getcoveredjeff is the entrepreneur he always dreamed he’d be—because of health care reform. read more:  #thisiswhybe thankful for your health—but be smart about your future. #getcovered now: rt @whitehouse: today president obama called u.s. troops to express his appreciation on #thanksgiving on behalf of a grateful nation. thankful. #tbt "from my family to yours, happy thanksgiving." —president obama rt @envam: #climatethanks to the millions of americans who've spoken out in favor the clean power plan. #actonclimatelive: president obama is pardoning the national thanksgiving turkey. tune in now: don't miss the annual turkey pardoning at : p.m. et: rt @whitehouse: make your gobble heard: who will become the national #thanksgiving turkey? vote #teammac or #teamcheese by pm et → get the tools needed to make a difference in your community––apply for the @ofa  spring fellowship program: icymi: the president sent a message to ofa supporters about the importance of taking action on immigration reform. "americans are tired of gridlock. we're ready to move forward." —president obama #immigrationaction"i'm going to do what i can to make the system work better." —president obama #immigrationaction"when folks in congress question my authority to take action, i've got one answer: pass a bill."—president obama #immigrationaction"the actions we're taking will grow the economy for everybody." —president obama #immigrationactionpresident obama: i still believe the best way to solve this problem is by coming together to pass common-sense immigration reform."being a nation of immigrants gives us this huge entrepreneurial advantage over other nations." —president obama #immigrationaction"immigrants have made this city of broad shoulders their home." —president obama #immigrationaction"it is good to be home." —president obama in chicago #immigrationactionwatch: the president is in chicago speaking about how to help fix our broken immigration system.  #immigrationactionpresident obama is at the @copernicusctr in chicago speaking about #immigrationaction at : p.m. et. tune in: happening now: president obama delivers a statement. add your name: support the president's action on immigration reform today.  #immigrationactionfact: thanks to #immigrationaction, the economy will grow and average wages will go up for both u.s. born and immigrant workers.let your voice be heard: stand with the president's #immigrationaction. "we are a nation of immigrants. it has always given america a big advantage over other nations." —president obama the president sent a message to ofa supporters about why he's taking #immigrationaction: fact: president obama's #immigrationaction will boost the u.s. gdp by tens of billions of dollars.watch the weekly address: the president discusses his plan to fix our broken immigration system.  #immigrationaction“we didn’t raise the statue of liberty with her back to the world—we did it with her light shining.” —president obama #immigrationaction“generations of immigrants have made this country what it is. it's what makes us special.” —president obama #immigrationaction“we're a nation that values families, and we should work together to keep them together.” —president obama #immigrationaction“we're a nation that gives people a chance to take responsibility—and make amends.” —president obama #immigrationaction"the day i sign that bill into law, then the actions i've taken will no longer be necessary." —president obama #immigrationaction“when members of congress question my authority to take action, i have a simple answer: pass a bill.” —president obama #immigrationaction“i know some critics call this action 'amnesty.' it's not amnesty. amnesty is what we have now.” —president obama #immigrationaction“this is not just a latino issue. this is an american issue.” —president obama #immigrationaction"not everybody will qualify under this provision—that's the truth. that's why we're still going to have to pass a bill." —president obama"we’ll keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. but that means felons, not families." —president obama“i wasn't going to sit idly by and not do at least what i was authorized to do.” —president obama #immigrationaction“we're not giving up. we're going to keep working with members of congress to make reform a reality.” —president obama #immigrationaction"our immigration system has been broken for a very long time, and everyone knows it." —president obama #immigrationactionlive: president obama is at del sol high school in las vegas, discussing his #immigrationaction. watch here: president obama will speak about the steps he's taking on immigration at : p.m. et. tune in:  #immigrationactionthe #immigrationaction president obama is taking will grow the economy and reduce the deficit by $ billion in  years."rt @whitehouse: a behind-the-scenes video you don't want to miss. watch president obama reflect on his #immigrationaction.retweet if you think president obama did the right thing by taking action to help fix our broken immigration system. #immigrationactionthe president is taking steps to fix our broken immigration system—stand up to those who want to block progress: add your name if you believe it's time for action to help fix our broken immigration system:  #immigrationactionthe president is taking action to help fix our immigration system—now congress must do its part. #immigrationaction "to those members of congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better … pass a bill." —president obama"my fellow americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants." —president obama #immigrationaction"it’s about who we are as a country and who we want to be for future generations." —president obama #immigrationaction"our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society." —president obama #immigrationaction"if you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law." —president obama #immigrationaction"what i’m describing is accountability—a common-sense, middle-ground approach." —president obama #immigrationaction"most of these immigrants have been here a long time. they work hard, often in tough, low-paying jobs." —president obama #immigrationaction"today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it." —president obama #immigrationactionlive: the president is addressing the nation about actions he's taking to help fix our immigration system. watch at  p.m. et: president obama is laying out common-sense steps forward on immigration:  #immigrationactioneveryone agrees our immigration system is broken, and congress has stalled on reform. that's why the president is taking #immigrationaction.ready for #immigrationaction. tonight the president will announce the actions he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. tune in at  pm et: a better immigration system will strengthen our economy and our families—stand up for #immigrationaction: a very happy birthday to the @vp. tonight the president will address the nation on the steps he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. #immigrationactionmillions are getting the coverage they deserve. make sure you are too:  #getcovered #staycoveredtune in tomorrow: the president will address the nation on the common-sense steps he's taking on immigration. rt @senatorreid: today marks the th day that the republican-led house has refused to address our broken immigration system. everyone needs that reminder to do something. this is yours—make sure you #getcovered today: the president will address the nation tomorrow about the steps he's taking to help fix our broken immigration system. "every child deserves a shot at a world class education." —president obama #connected"in a country where we expect free wifi with our coffee, we should expect our schools to be wired.” —president obama #connected"every decision i make is aimed at one goal—that is to restore opportunity to everyone who works hard for it." —president obama #connectedwatch: president obama is speaking about how technology is transforming schools.  #connectedheath care open enrollment is here again. find a plan that's right for you. icymi: health care enrollment is back.  #getcovered #staycoveredthis petition is an important way you can support #netneutrality: today: check 'sign up for health insurance' off your to-do list.  #getcovered #staycovered why gamble with your health? it's easy to get quality, affordable health coverage.  #getcovered before obamacare, finding coverage was nearly impossible for rick:  #thisiswhy rt @conniebritton: your health is everything. have you and your family enrolled for health coverage yet? #getcovered @healthcaregovpresident obama's latest commitment shows momentum and u.s. leadership in the global fight against climate change: rt @pharrell: keep those you love healthy. today is the day to #getcovered at add your name to join the team that believes quality, affordable health coverage is worth fighting for: rt @officialjld: hey, guess what?  open enrollment is back!  #getcovered at now's your chance to get covered. the health care marketplace is now open again for all americans:  #readysetenroll"so spread the word. tell your friends and family members to get covered." —president obama rt @podesta: rt so your friends know: you can sign up for health coverage right now at  #readysetenroll thanks to health care reform, doris finally has an affordable plan.  #thisiswhy watch the weekly address—tell your friends and family to #getcovered and #staycovered: the health care marketplace is open for business—check out your options today:  #readysetenrolllet's go: the health care marketplace is open again.  #readysetenroll last chance: donate before tonight's midnight deadline. midnight deadline: all donations will be matched dollar for dollar by other supporters. chip in $ right now to support @ofa go all in for health care: deadline: there's a lot at stake in the weeks ahead, and your donation will help this fight for change. you're not an incredible. #getcovered #ruinapixarmoviethere's something coming tomorrow––and it's going to be big:  #readysetenroll"rt @vp: having health care provides peace of mindand starting tomorrow, you can #getcoveredlearn more →  #readys…"tonight's budget deadline matters. chip in now:  add your name: @ofa is going all in for #obamacare, and here's how you can do your part.  #readysetenrollrt @whitehouse: rt to spread the word: you can sign up for health coverage starting tomorrow.  #readysetenroll chip in now: get your impact doubled now, before this critical budget deadline. drop everything: watch this—it's time to get covered and stay covered.  #readysetenrolltomorrow. are you in?  #readysetenroll funke's health coverage isn't in jeopardy, and she can afford it, too:  #thisiswhy here's the deal: chip in today and your donation will be matched—dollar-for-dollar.  if you believe health care reform is worth fighting for, add your name: no kidding: every grassroots donation will be matched by another @ofa supporter. chip in today: watch: president obama is urging the @fcc to protect #netneutrality and treat all internet traffic equally. organizers across the country are going all in for health care this fall. join in: if you chip in right now, another supporter will match your donation—meaning you'll make double the impact: you can make a real impact for #obamacare right now:  donate today—your contribution will be matched dollar for dollar: icymi: the united states has made a groundbreaking deal with china on cutting carbon pollution.  #actonclimateit starts with you. watch the new @itsonus video aimed at ending sexual assault: this is no time to sit on the sidelines. do your part to help americans get covered: the world's two largest economies are standing together to fight climate change:  #actonclimatesay no to the idea of fast lanes for the internet:  #netneutralitythis is a huge win for anyone that's fighting to #actonclimate:  got a minute and a social media account? here's an easy way to get involved in the fight for progress: the #obamacare marketplace opens saturday—spread the word about why getting covered matters:  stand with the president's global leadership in the fight against climate change:  #actonclimatewatch: amazing things can happen when people organize. add your name if you support the president's historic agreement with china on climate change:  #actonclimatethis is huge: the united states and china have just agreed on an ambitious new joint plan to cut carbon pollution. the fight for change is not over. check out president obama's message to ofa supporters: watch: this is what you should know about @ofa. this is about keeping the internet open and free—sign the petition:  #netneutralitylet's keep fighting for real, lasting change: rt @ofa: retweet if you want to keep the internet open and free. #netneutralityyou have the power to make real, lasting change, but you're not in it alone. join the movement:  #ofactionthe internet shouldn't have gatekeepers. add your name if you agree:  #netneutrality"we’ll have your backs—just like you had ours." —president obama. happy veterans day. time is winding down—say you'll do your part:  #obamacare president obama took a stand to keep the internet open and free. sign the petition to protect #netneutrality: "your voice is needed like never before." read president obama's message to @ofa supporters: sign this petition if you support an internet that's open and free:  #netneutralityno one ever said the fight for change would be easy—that's why it needs you: let's go.  #obamacare this is important: president obama is urging the @fcc to keep the internet open and free.  #netneutralitythis work has never been more important:  watch: @ofa is a grassroots movement dedicated to the fight for real, lasting change. rt @ofa: retweet to spread the word about the #healthcarecountdown. president obama: this veterans day—and every day—let’s make sure all our veterans know how much we appreciate them. watch the weekly address: for veterans day, president obama pays tribute to the men and women in uniform. voters across the country took a decisive stand on raising the minimum wage.  #raisethewagefor the first time since the s, the private sector has added at least k jobs for nine consecutive months. #actonjobsthe unemployment rate is falling as fast as any point in the last  years. let's keep building that momentum. jackie robinson west all stars: america's champions. this is undeniable progress on the minimum wage. congrats to the @ofa volunteers who are fighting to #raisethewage. "i'm going to squeeze every last bit of opportunity to make the world a better place over these last two years." —president obamahappening now: president obama is holding a press conference. tune in. watch the weekly address: president obama wants a strong economy with opportunities for women and working families. watch: the president and first lady are welcoming children to the white house for trick-or-treating.  #happyhalloweentricks, treats, and hugs. #happyhalloween don't get scared. get covered. #scarierthanhalloween "it's up to us to restore the ideals that made this country great." —president obama #womensucceed"we have to raise our voices to demand that women get paid fairly." —president obama #womensucceedpresident obama: let's encourage more women and more girls to go into fields like engineering, science, and math. #womensucceed"we've got to catch up to the st century. we've got to pass a fair pay law." —president obama #womensucceed"nobody who works full time in america should be raising their kids below the poverty line." —president obama #raisethewage"about  million americans would benefit if we raised the minimum wage to $.." —president obama #raisethewage"when women do well, everybody does well." — president obama #womensucceedpresident obama: we have to ensure women are full and equal participants in the economy. #womensucceed"we've got to harness the progress we're seeing in the broader economy to make sure it's working for all americans." — president obama"ten million americans have now gained the peace of mind of having health insurance." — president obama"for the first time in six years, the unemployment rate is under six percent." — president obama"happy halloween, everybody. i see a lot of you came as college students." — president obama at rhode island collegelive: president obama is at rhode island college speaking about how women succeed in today's economy. even the scariest haunted house is no match for going without health insurance. #scarierthanhalloween it's all hands on deck for #obamacare—that includes yours: "bold, big-hearted, and boston strong, tom was the embodiment of the city he loved and led." —president obama on the passing tom meninothis is why reform matters: health care should be available when you need it.  team obamacare is for anyone who thinks all americans deserve access to quality, affordable health care: october has been a good month for marriage equality:  #loveislovehappening now: president obama is speaking to american health care workers fighting ebola. the dangers of extreme weather can be heartbreaking. it's time to #actonclimate. here's your reminder to take this important #obamacare survey: retweet if you agree the fight against climate change can't wait. #actonclimate happening now: president obama is delivering a statement. tune in to watch. who will make the biggest difference during the #obamacare open enrollment period? that's up to you. take this quick health care survey—it's important everyone gets the facts and information needed to #getcovered: health care reform is helping millions of americans. keep the momentum going: rt @whitehouse: share the news: our manufacturers are adding jobs at the fastest pace since the s. #madeinamerica millions of americans still need to get health insurance—this is your chance to make an impact: take a stand for #obamacare: on november th, @ofa volunteers will hit the ground running for health care enrollment: better health coverage at lower costs isn't just a goal anymore—it's actually happening. volunteers across the country have helped millions get covered. team obamacare needs you.  watch the weekly address: president obama discusses the measures taken to respond to ebola at home and abroad. will you weigh in on #obamacare? this matters: obamacare is helping millions get quality, affordable health care. for everyone who has health insurance, here's a big way #obamacare works for you:  the other side isn't done trying to derail health care reform. join the team fighting to protect it: take this short survey about health care: defend health care reform—join team obamacare: the countdown until open enrollment has begun. #healthcarecountdown obamacare is reducing costs and improving access to health care for millions. that's worth fighting for: "has the new law worked? for many, the answer is a resounding yes." more from @asburyparkpress:  #obamacarethousands have taken a stand for health care reform—the fight's not over. add your name: here are ways to do your part before november th:  #obamacareread this story about #obamacare from @bloombergnews: "none of the most dire predictions has come to pass." add your name:  tell lawmakers that minimum wage workers shouldn't have to raise a family in poverty. #raisethewageare you ready for round ? you should be part of this:  when the health insurance marketplace opens again on november th, be part of the team helping out: how many can you answer? test your knowledge about the minimum wage:  #raisethewagewatch the weekly address: president obama discusses what you need to know about ebola. add your name if you're one of the  out of  americans that supports raising the minimum wage:  #raisethewagert @whitehouse: here's how president obama's acting to protect americans from fraud and identify theft →  dyk: raising the minimum wage would lift nearly a million people out of poverty. let's get it done:  #raisethewageadd your name if you agree: higher wages are key to a stronger economy—and that starts with a higher minimum wage. happening now: president obama is speaking at the consumer financial protection bureau. if you do one meaningful thing today, take the pledge to help americans get covered: team #obamacare needs you: make this #obamacare pledge:  last spring, volunteers across the country helped millions get health insurance. it's about time to do that again: make this simple commitment: say you'll help spread the word about health care enrollment. long-term unemployment is on the decline. let's keep the economy moving in the right direction:  #actonjobsget involved again, and help people #getcovered:  this work needs you. pledge to do your part for health care enrollment: you ready? #healthcarecountdown #letsmove mt @flotus: the first lady wants to know… #turnipforwhat?   #askthefirstlady #tdwlast call: add your name tonight to tell the epa you support cutting carbon pollution. it's easy to take a meaningful stand for cutting carbon pollution right now:  #actonclimatethis is a big moment in the fight against climate change—stick it to climate change deniers by adding your name: tonight is the deadline to have your name included in ofa's public comments to the epa:  learn why major companies are dropping their support of alec:  #actonclimatedeadline tonight: add your name to tell the epa you support cutting carbon pollution. this is one meaningful way you can fight climate change now:  #actonclimatethis @whitehouse white board lays out how raising the minimum wage will improve lives—and the economy:  #raisethewagethis is a new record-breaking level: in , vehicle mileage averaged . miles per gallon. "a hard day’s work deserves a fair day’s pay."  —president obama  #raisethewageif you support cutting carbon pollution from the air, add your name here:  #actonclimatewatch the weekly address: president obama makes the case for why it's time to #raisethewage. "today, we honor malala and kailash’s achievements." —president obama on the nobel peace prize announcementwatch: #with, hard-working americans earning the minimum wage will get a leg up. there's support from both sides of the aisle on raising the minimum wage:  #withrt @whitehouse: today, president obama will designate the san gabriel mountains national monument:  watch: americans earning the minimum wage will be able to do more #with. if you think no one who works full time should raise a family in poverty, sign this petition:  #withrt @smlbizmajority: #with, we could grow the economy and give a much-needed boost to #smallbiz &amp; their workers. let’s make it happen."it's long past time for us to raise the minimum wage." –– president obama #with it's time: #with, both the economy and american workers get a hand. watch president obama's message to @ofa supporters: it's time to raise the minimum wage.  #withhappening now: president obama is participating in a town hall with members of the @crosscampusla community. cutting carbon pollution will lead to a safer climate. take action:  check this out: more than , people have signed the #raisethewage petition. rt @whitehouse: fact: the number of uninsured young americans has dropped by nearly % over the past  years. #acaworks there are many reasons to #getcovered—here are just a few: let the other side know: growing the economy and fighting climate change aren't contradictory.  #actonclimateit's time to get real about climate change—starting with the @epa's plan to cut carbon pollution:  #actonclimatehere's your chance to take a stand against climate change denial:  #actonclimateit's not just workers: according to a new survey, support is high among employers to #raisethewage. your signature is your voice—use it to support raising the minimum wage:  #raisethewagelew, a business owner in st. louis, knows that a fair wage is a key part of the american dream. check out his story: have you signed the #raisethewage petition yet?  say you're ready for america to get a raise.this is an easy way to show your support for cleaner air:  #actonclimatea few facts about the minimum wage you might not know:  #raisethewageicymi: yesterday was an important day for marriage equality.  #loveislovehow much do you know about the minimum wage?  #raisethewagestep up—show your support for cutting carbon pollution:  #actonclimate retweet if you're a proud supporter of marriage equality. #loveislove rt @whitehouse: check out stories from americans across the country on how raising the minimum wage would help them → these businesses wanted their employees to be fairly compensated. so they took action. #raisethewage add your name to support a raise for  million americans across the country:  #raisethewagethe supreme court just cleared the path for marriage equality in at least five more states. #loveislovehappening now: president obama is speaking at the american veterans disabled for life memorial dedication.  #avdlmgood news: america's businesses extended the longest streak of private sector job gains on record.  #actonjobs"the folks who keep blocking a minimum wage increase are running out of excuses." —president obama  #raisethewagewatch the weekly address: although the economy has improved, there's still more to do to help middle class families. here's an in-depth look at how our economy has made real progress in the last six years:  #americaleadssee why raising the minimum wage is a good idea for working americans and their families:  #raisethewagethere's been great progress over the past  months—it's time to #raisethewage to help keep the economy growing. progress: the unemployment rate just fell to .%, the lowest rate since july . #actonjobsgreat news: the u.s. economy added , jobs in september.  #actonjobsretweet if you believe our economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. #americaleads "the story of america is a story of progress." —president obama #americaleads"it is the american people who have made the progress of the last six years possible." —president obama #americaleads"america’s economic greatness has never trickled from the top down—it grows from a rising, thriving middle class." —president obamapresident obama: while affordable health care might still be a threat to freedom on fox news, it’s working pretty well in the real world."let's catch up to ." —president obama on #equalpay for women"let's agree that no one who works full time in america should ever have to work in poverty." —president obama"if we raise the minimum wage, we won’t just put more money in workers’ pockets—they’ll spend that money." —president obama #americaleads"let's keep reforming our education system so young people at every level have the same shot at success." —president obama #americaleads"i’m setting a new goal: by the end of this decade, let’s enroll six million children in high-quality preschool." —president obama"america is better poised to lead and succeed in the st century than any other nation on earth." —president obama #americaleads"when i took office, the deficit was nearly  percent of our economy. today, it’s approaching  percent." —president obama #americaleads"we're slowing the cost of health care—and we're covering more people at the same time." —president obama #americaleads"premiums are rising at a rate tied for the lowest on record." —president obama #americaleads"today, we have seen a dramatic slowdown in the rising cost of health care." —president obama #americaleads"in the decade before the affordable care act—aka obamacare—double-digit premium increases were common." —president obama #americaleads"last year, our elementary and middle school students had the highest math and reading scores on record." —president obama #americaleads"today, they’re building and selling new cars at the fastest rate in eight years." —president obama #americaleads"we have to make our economy work for every working american." —president obama #americaleads"when the middle class thrives ... america thrives. when it doesn’t, america doesn't." —president obama #americaleads"this is the longest, uninterrupted stretch of job growth in our history." —president obama #americaleads"today, our businesses are hiring , americans per month." —president obama #americaleads"as americans, we can and should be proud of the progress our country has made over these past six years." —president obama #americaleads"american leadership is the one constant in an uncertain world." —president obama #americaleadslive: president obama is speaking about the future of our st century economy. tune in:  #americaleadspresident obama will address the future of the economy at @northwesternu at : pm et. don't miss it:  #americaleadsicymi: @ofa volunteers across the country are preparing for the second health care enrollment period. you now have basic rights and protections when it comes to health insurance—thanks to #obamacare: state and local governments are taking action to #raisethewage: "together, we renew our commitment to better prevent, detect, and treat breast cancer." —president obama on breast cancer awareness montha year ago today, extreme voices in congress shut down the government—and here's one reason why they won't try again: support cutting carbon pollution:  #actonclimatehealth care reform is all about #bettercare for you and your family: add your name if you agree—cutting carbon pollution is just common sense:  #actonclimate"rt @vp: today, we’re announcing how grants will help: train workers ✓connect businesses w/ workers ✓expand middle class ✓thanks to health care reform, getting covered could be more affordable than you think:  rt @whitehouse: "that's how we roll. that's what makes this america." —obama on u.s. leadership in the world:  icymi: president obama showed the world how the united states is leading in the fight against #climate change. "the people of the world look to us to lead. and we welcome that responsibility." —president obama check this out: @ofa volunteers are gearing up to help get the word out for the next health care enrollment period. watch the weekly address: president obama discusses the responsibility america has to lead. retweet if you think it's time to #actonclimate. h/t @govinslee economic growth in the second quarter was even stronger than originally estimated: happening now: the president is delivering remarks at the global health security agenda summit. tune in. the president has a plan to fight climate change—you should support it:  #actonclimatert @whitehouse: when #womensucceed, we all succeed:  #heforshe president obama just designated the largest marine reserve in the world. read more:  #monumentsmatterhow president obama is answering the call to #actonclimate. good news: more insurers are offering health plans on the marketplace, meaning more choices for consumers. between droughts, wildfires, and dangerous storms, the effects of #climate change are real. it's time to act: happening now: the president is delivering remarks at the united nations on the ebola epidemic. tune in: watch as president obama wishes l'shanah tovah, a good year, to those celebrating #roshhashanah: add your name to support taking action on climate change:  #actonclimatethese fortune  companies are stepping up their commitment to fight climate change:  #actonclimateit's time to #actonclimate: watch: president obama is addressing the united nations general assembly now.  #ungaretweet if you agree. #actonclimate now is the time to step up and support serious action to fight climate change:  #actonclimate"the most important title is not president or prime minister, but citizen." —president obama #cgilive: president obama is speaking at #cgi.  "i call on all countries to join us—not next year, but now." —president obama #actonclimate"we have a special responsibility to lead. that's what big nations have to do." —president obama #actonclimate"we have to work together as a global community to tackle this global threat before it is too late." —president obama #actonclimate"we are the first generation to feel the effect of climate change and the last generation who can do something about it." —president obama"we cannot condemn our children and their children to a future they do not have the capacity to repair." —president obama #actonclimatelive: president obama is delivering a call for action at the u.n. climate summit.  #actonclimatepresident obama will make the case for strong climate action at the u.n. climate summit at : p.m. et. watch here: happening now: president obama is delivering a statement. "rt @whitehouse: you don't get to pick your tax rate.neither should corporations.let's make sure we all play by the same rules. icymi: president obama is teaming up with major companies to fight climate change. read more:  #actonclimateeveryone has a role to play in ending sexual assault. #itsonus: watch this video about the earth's climate changing at an unprecedented rate:  #actonclimatedoug is a rancher in new mexico, and he's feeling the effects of climate change firsthand:  #actonclimatecheck this out: @ofa volunteers in california took a stand for clean energy.  #switchtocleansay you're ready to #walkthewalk on climate change. watch: it's time to stand up to sexual assault.  #itsonus"rt @kerrywashington: join the fight+help stop sexual assault. take pledge:  psa:  #itsonus ht…""rt @oliviamunn: #itsonus to:step up and say something.not look the other way.take the pledge to help stop sexual assault.rt @usolympic: everyone has a role to play in stopping sexual assault. #teamusa took the pledge at  #itsonus take the pledge to help make a fundamental shift in our culture around sexual assault:  #itsonus"take a pledge to help keep women and men safe from sexual assault." —president obama #itsonus"it is on all of us to reject the quiet tolerance of sexual assault." —president obama #itsonus"it's not just on the survivors." —president obama #itsonus"we don't condemn sexual assault as loudly as we should." —president obama #itsonus"sexual violence isn't just a crime—it's a civil rights violation." —president obama #itsonus"campus sexual assault is no longer a thing that we as a nation can say, 'it's not our problem.'" —president obama #itsonus"this is not your fight alone. it's on all of us." —president obama #itsonus"every one of these statistics is a life." —@vp biden #itsonuslive: the president and @vp are launching #itsonus because everyone has a role to play in stopping sexual assault. fact: no one can be denied coverage because of their current or past health.  #bettercare it's up to you to to keep the issues you care about front and center: happening now: president obama is delivering a statement on congressional passage of the continuing resolution. rt @whitehouse: "almost all obamacare enrollees are paying for coverage."  #acaworks #getcoveredas congress leaves washington, it's your job to keep the conversation going on the important issues: a new @whitehouse solar energy plan will cut carbon pollution and help save on energy bills:  #actonclimatert @sengillibrand: empowering women to achieve their full economic potential is not only good for women, it's good for our families &amp; econo…don't let polluters win:  #cleanwater ranchers and farmers are facing instability, due to the effects of climate change:  #actonclimatesupporting clean drinking water is common sense:  #cleanwater "for more than two centuries, our founding charter has guided our progress and defined us as a people." —president obama on constitution dayrt @nasa: live now: g+ hangout on observing earth from space w/ @astrorm &amp; @astro_wakata:  q? #asknasa  this shouldn't be controversial: keeping americans' drinking water safe is a good thing.  #cleanwaterhappening now: president obama delivers remarks from macdill air force base in tampa, florida. president obama is partnering with more than a dozen major u.s. companies to #actonclimate. read more: the burden of student loan debt is too great. if you agree, go #ontherecord:  live: president obama is speaking at the @cdcgov in atlanta. tune in here: rt @whitehouse: worth sharing: here's the latest on president obama's response to the ebola epidemic in west africa → stand up to polluters and protect the clean water act:  #cleanwaterthis study concludes that no one has to choose between fighting climate change and growing the economy:  #actonclimateif you agree women should earn #equalpay for equal work, get your name #ontherecord:  if you believe in expanding economic opportunity, go #ontherecord: happening now: the president is awarding the #medalofhonor, the highest military honor. watch here: there's been real progress since the financial crisis hit six years ago today, but there's more work to do: put your support in (digital) ink. go #ontherecord:  watch the weekly address: the president reiterates his plan to confront the threat posed by isil. student loan debt is not just a young person's problem:  #opportunityforallrt @flotus: happy birthday @americorps! i'm honored to have served with them in chicago and couldn't be prouder of all they've accomplished…americans are paying less and getting more from their health care. more from @voxdotcom: more than half a million @ofa supporters have gone #ontherecord for expanding economic opportunity. join in: "people who love their country can change it ... that is the promise of americorps." —president obama #americorps"if you're an employer … look to americorps. look to the peace corps." —president obama #americorps"we've seen again and again how national service gives young people valuable training … and employers have noticed." —president obama"we are determined to help americorps succeed." —president obama #americorps"i began to understand what citizenship meant—not just words on a page." —president obama on community service #americorps"the obama household was on board with americorps from the start." —president obama #americorps"you have made america stronger because of what you've done." —president obama to @americorps #americorpslive: the president is celebrating  years of @americorps #gettingthingsdone. watch:  #americorpsrt @billclinton: #otd in ' i welcomed the st class of @americorps. grateful to the k members who've kept the spirit of service alive …happy birthday to americorps, which has been #gettingthingsdone for  years:  #americorpswatch: last night, president obama addressed the nation about the threat from isil. america endures. #neverforget "thirteen years after small and hateful minds conspired to break us, america stands tall." —president obama #neverforgeticymi: watch the full remarks from president obama's address to the nation tonight. happening now: president obama is addressing the nation. watch here: president obama will address the nation at : p.m. et about the threat posed by isil. watch: rt @whitehouse: when #womensucceed, america succeeds. it's long-past time to ensure #equalpay for women. #paycheckfairness raising the wage, equal pay for equal work, reining in student loan debt—go #ontherecord in support of action: put your name #ontherecord and make it clear where you stand on expanding economic opportunity: the carbon pollution levels in the atmosphere rose at a dramatic rate last year. it's vital to #actonclimate: rt @vp: "when we all understand that even one case is too many, that’s when it will change." -vp biden on violence against women #vawa #is…"we reaffirm the basic human right to be free from violence and abuse."—president obama on the violence against women act's th anniversary"'there’s no debate':  experts explain the scientific consensus on climate change" more from @salon:  #actonclimateit's been more than five years since the national minimum wage was raised. that's wrong:  #raisethewagewatch: congress is back this week. time to demand better from @speakerboehner. on women's equality day, @ofa volunteers discussed ways to help working families succeed:  #standwithwomenwatch: a special pep talk for @speakerboehner. "all the middle class in this country wants is a chance. no guarantee, just a chance." —@vp joe biden congress heads back to washington this week—now is not the time to be cynical about what they can accomplish. watch @vp joe biden deliver the weekly address, saying it's time to help the middle class:  #opportunityforallthere's more to do, but this is real progress: m private-sector jobs have been added over  straight months. rt @whitehouse: then and now: auto workers are assembling nearly , more cars each month than in  →  say no to cynicism:  in  straight months of job growth, the economy has added  million private-sector jobs. there's still more to do. for just $ a month, phil and his family of five are covered.  #thisiswhyrt @ofa_wi: breaking—another great step forward for love in wisconsin:    #loveislove you should reject cynicism: "i think it's wonderful." tanyce is a cancer survivor, and #thisiswhy she's praising her new health care plan: because some are standing in the way, this has been the least productive congress in modern history. demand better: add your name:  refuse to be cynical about what leaders in congress can accomplish.rt @vj: good news: new economic trends show female short-term unemployment falling to pre-recession levels. #womensucceed fact: total u.s. exports sustained . million american jobs in . #madeinamericathe other side hopes people like you will get cynical and tune out—you should refuse: congress is heading back to washington next week: refuse to be cynical about what they can get done. retweet if you think congress should help rein in the burden of student loan debt. #opportunityforall organizers got together for an important conversation at @ofa's women &amp; working families summit:  #standwithwomenlive: president obama is in milwaukee speaking at laborfest . tune in:  #labordayto every american working hard each and every single day, happy #laborday. president obama: it's time to raise the minimum wage. watch the weekly address: "in america, no one who works full-time should ever have to raise a family in poverty." —president obama let's keep building economic #opportunityforall. learn more: this is what the gender pay gap looks like for women just four years after college graduation:  #opportunityforallgreat news: economic growth in the second quarter was even better than reported. happening now: president obama is delivering a statement. tune in here: it's time to close the pay gap between men and women. #opportunityforall retweet if you think these  million americans deserve a raise. #opportunityforall show off your grassroots organizing pride: it's time to #raisethewage:  make sure your name is on the petition.to celebrate the power of grassroots organizing, @ofa is giving away this free sticker. get yours today: julius was able to follow his dream, thanks to new, affordable coverage:  #thisiswhy expecting an addition to the family? check your health care options:  "a climate for change: america should not wait while the world warms" more from @washingtonpost:  #actonclimateretweet if you agree that women deserve equal pay for equal work. #opportunityforall watch: immigration reform, raising the minimum wage, college affordability—it's time for economic #opportunityforall. rt @whitehouse: congress could help millions of #womensucceed by raising the minimum wage. #raisethewage #womensequalityday it's time to make the pay gap a thing of the past—american women deserve better. #wematter“if you want somebody who knows how to get the job done, no matter the mission, hire a veteran.” —president obama at #alconvention"i'm announcing  new executive actions to improve mental health care for those american heroes and their families." —president obama"upholding our trust with our veterans is not just a matter of policy—it's a moral obligation." —president obama at #alconventionlive: president obama is speaking at the #alconvention in charlotte. tune in:  h/t @americanlegionwatch: austan goolsbee talks about why congress should act to build economic #opportunityforall. #enoughalready. rt @ofa: retweet if you agree: this is completely backward. there's been progress in job creation and economic growth, but congress can do more to help the economy along: it's the best coverage jim ever had and it came just in time:  #thisiswhy congress needs to act to build economic #opportunityforall: shout out to #llws u.s. champions, chicago's own jackie robinson west all-stars. you made your city and country proud."thanks to the decisions we made to rescue and rebuild our economy ... america is leading again." —president obama read the truth about economic opportunity:  #opportunityforallwatch the weekly address: the economy is gaining momentum, but congress must do its part. the economy is headed in the right direction—but there's more work to do:  #opportunityforallmaryanne has better coverage at a lower cost:  #thisiswhy rt @interior: monday is @natlparkservice th birthday &amp; all entrance fees will be waived. retweet to spread the word! supporting new carbon pollution limits, @ofa volunteers were out in force gathering signatures in their communities. here are a few ways congress should help keep the economy growing:  #opportunityforallmore good news about the economy: "auto production at its highest rate since "  #actonjobsadd your name if you believe in building economic #opportunityforall: bill finally got covered—for less than he expected.  #thisiswhythis is history: @ofa put more than k names on the permanent record of people who made health care reform happen. the economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. add your name if you agree:  #opportunityforallthe economy is growing—but there's still more work to do.  #opportunityforall icymi: american businesses have added . million jobs since early .  #actonjobshappening now: president obama delivers a statement. tune in to watch: "housing construction bounced back in july, hitting its highest level in eight months..." more from @thehill: good news: the number of job openings just hit a -year high.  #actonjobs"vermonters sent him to washington to follow his conscience, and he did them proud." —president obama on senator james jeffords' passingrt @whitehouse: in june, u.s. business owners posted . million job openings—the most since february  →  happening now: the president delivers a statement on iraq and the situation in #ferguson. sign the petition:  it's time to raise the minimum wage. #raisethewagein the weekly address, president obama discusses the importance of affordable higher education:  #collegeopportunityearning the minimum wage while raising a family shouldn't mean living in poverty. it's time to #raisethewage: fact: % of scientists and nasa accept the science of climate change. #actonclimate getting covered made jason so happy he wanted to tell everyone:  #thisiswhyit's time to get serious and #actonclimate. happening now: president obama is delivering a statement. tune in: retweet if you support cutting dangerous carbon pollution. rt @ofa: this #ofaugust, check out what volunteers are up to:  read how @ofa supporters are taking a stand against carbon pollution:  #actonclimatecheck it out: last week, @ofa volunteers celebrated the success of health care reform. climate change will make the intensifying droughts across the west even more extreme and dangerous:  #actonclimate"epa climate rule economically feasible, study says" more from @thehill:  #actonclimate"the death of michael brown is heartbreaking." —president obama. read the full statement: you should put your name on this #raisethewage petition: "robin williams was an airman, a doctor, a genie, a nanny ... and everything in between. but he was one of a kind." —president obama