rt @ninaturner: i’m here in dayton, ohio w/ @berniesanders bringing the message to the people! we are on the move. #goptaxbill @ourrevoluti…the republican tax bill is a moral abomination that would take away from so many in need to give more to people who… attacks against trans people are part of a bigotry which has got to end. we must work together until hatred and dis… rt @viceimpact: .@berniesanders on why it's time to make college tuition free. here's how it is going to happen:  ht…rt @politico: tim kaine calls for eliminating superdelegates  rt @vice: bernie sanders’s socialist revolution is happening, very slowly:  i hope and expect that the united states will assist in disaster relief efforts for iran, as we did in  and … the devastation from the earthquake in iran last night is horrific. my thoughts are with the victims, their loved o… rt @ironstache: i’m a union ironworker from caledonia, wisconsin. a veteran. cancer survivor. i build things with my hands to put food on t…progressives didn’t just say no to trump. they offered an agenda to make our country work for everyone not just the… at a time when trump and the republican agenda are strongly opposed by the american people, it's critical we come t… rt @jessicaglenza: ban ki-moon calls for us to enact universal healthcare (like @berniesanders proposal) and stop “powerful interests” from…many people who had not previously been involved in politics won local positions this week. that is what the politi… the political revolution we're fighting for is to get more people involved in the political process, to run for off… i want to congratulate everyone who won yesterday – from governorships to the many first-time candidates who won po… yesterday was a referendum on president trump, and he lost badly. it’s clear the american people are deeply concern… it’s election day in nyc. get out and vote for @billdeblasio and democrats up and down the ballot. it’s #electionday, new jersey. get out and vote for the democratic ticket. then ask your friends to do the same. atlanta, it’s time to get out and vote for @fortforatlanta. #electionday find your polling place here: it’s #electionday. get to the polls, bring your friends and vote for the democratic ticket. every vote counts. it’s election day in virginia. get out and vote for the democratic ticket.  find your polling place here: rt @guardian: bernie sanders warns of 'international oligarchy' after paradise papers leak rt @latimes: bernie sanders: as president, trump is doing the exact opposite of what he promised on the campaign trail my thoughts are with the victims of sutherland springs and their loved ones. no community should have to face such a senseless tragedy.instead of more tax breaks for wall street, we must make public colleges and universities tuition-free by taxing wall street speculators.instead of giving more tax breaks to corporate tax evaders, we should rebuild our nation’s infrastructure by closing offshore tax loopholes.instead of more tax breaks for billionaires, we must demand the wealthiest people in this country start paying their fair share of taxes.rt @nowthisnews: .@berniesanders asked what it meant to be free – and every american needs to hear the answer my thoughts are with the victims of today’s horrific attack in manhattan and their loved ones. rt @billdeblasio: .@berniesanders: brothers and sisters, on election day, let’s re-elect bill de blasio and show the world what this great…i was proud to endorse @billdeblasio tonight. he is leading the city in a way that brings people together to make a better life for all."rt @ctvtoronto: watch live: bernie sanders speaks about the canadian health care system at u of t rt @rbecker: san juan mayor carmen yulín cruz y sen. @berniesanders discussing short term y long term solutions for rebuilding puerto ric…"rt @tammybaldwin: read: tammy baldwin and bernie sanders fight economic inequality and fiscal irresponsibilityrt @billdeblasio: throughout his life, sen. @berniesanders has fought for change for working americans. join us at a campaign rally: rt @ac: sen. sanders on trump's tax plan: "it is a robin hood proposal in reverse...it must be defeated" #cnndebatenight rt @cnn: tonight at  et, sens. ted cruz and bernie sanders go head-to-head on tax reform in #cnndebatenight  why would any country sign such an agreement with the u.s. if they knew a reckless president might simply discard i… trump might be unaware that puerto rico is part of the us, but congress must move as quickly as possible to pass a disaster relief package.rt @killermike: i support fortforatlanta a @berniesanders endorsed dem and long time state legislator.  no… rt @viceimpact: .@berniesanders: we must make public colleges and universities tuition free  we can't go back to the days when women didn't have access to birth control because of income. we must keep fighting for women’s rights.president trump has repeatedly demonstrated how little respect he has for women. this is more of the same. i am deeply disturbed by the inadequate federal response to the devastation caused by hurricane maria.as american citizens, puerto ricans are entitled to the same response as people of texas, florida and elsewhere hit by natural disasters."rt @jstein_vox: gop has proposed $ trillion in unspecified cuts. @berniesanders ran numbers on what some of that might look like: the republican budget ignores the needs of ordinary americans but it bends over backwards to protect the interests of the wealthiest.rt @getuscovered: hey, twitter! open enrollment on  opens /—and we're here to help you #getcovered.congratulations to mayor-elect @woodfinforbham for running a great grassroots and winning campaign. i look forward to working with him.birmingham – today is the day. @woodfinforbham is fighting for real progressive change. get out the vote and make y… politicians who gerrymander districts to unfairly gain political advantages are undermining our democracy. we must do everything we can to stop guns from falling into the hands of people who shouldn't have them and save innocent lives.there have been more mass shootings than days this year. it is long, long overdue for congress to take action on gun safety.my thoughts are with the families and friends of the victims and all those wounded in the horrific las vegas shooting.rt @thisweekabc: .@berniesanders: everything sec. mnuchin said about gop's proposed tax plan is "dead wrong."  #this…"rt @roseanndemoro: .@nationalnurses is sending rns to #puertorico! 🇵🇷volunteer sign up: donate to rnrn: republicans' budget would cut medicare by at least $ billion, but would give billionaires, including the trump family, huge tax breaks.at a time of massive inequality, the republican budget takes from the middle class and those in need, and gives hug… rt @cnnsotu: join us this sunday to hear from senator @berniesanders on #cnnsotu with @jaketapper rt @glamourmag: take it from a new mom: universal health care would mean freedom, especially for women.  rt @thinkprogress: money well spent: powerful interests invested in tax reform, would reap benefits under the gop plan rt @ppact: another fact: planned parenthood is the only full service birth control provider in  counties. #healthcaredebate rt @ppact: lori lives in @speakerryan's district. here's what would happen in his district without planned parenthood. #healthcaredebate ht…rt @nomikikonst: .@lindseygrahamsc &amp; @billcassidy want to take maternity care coverage away from  million women. #healthcaredebatert @mehreenkasana: it amazes me that some people think health care for everyone is an "extreme" idea. #healthcaredebate"rt @joshfoxfilm: if republicans pass their ""health care"" bill thousands could die each year. that's a disgrace.#healthcaredebate"rt @waywardwinifred: it is cruel and immoral to say to millions of americans, “we're taking away the health insurance that keeps you alive.…rt @cnn: tonight on cnn: senators have a live #healthcaredebate about the future of obamacare. pm et.  no republican should vote for this disastrous “health care" bill, and if they do, they will pay a very heavy political price for that.do everything you can to get the word out all over the country. flood the phones. no republican should vote for this.even with senator mccain’s opposition to the republican health care bill, our own opposition is not over. rt @nikhilgoya_l: .@berniesanders just delivered the most progressive foreign policy speech by a major politician in modern history rt @foxnow: bernie sanders gives american foreign policy speech at westminster college in fulton, mo rt @jimmykimmel: if you too are disappointed in sen @billcassidy #grahamcassidy let them know it - call () - rt @sengillibrand: do not let the senate gop rip health care away from millions. contact your senators today and tell them to oppose the gr…make no mistake: thousands will die unnecessarily if the republican #grahamcassidy health care bill becomes law. it must be stopped.rt @chifightfor: .@berniesanders knows that it's better to show up than to give up #fightfor rt @goodjobsnation: in d.c. tomorrow? don’t miss your chance to see @berniesanders! join us:  #offshorenomore #picku…we must work toward making health care a right. but right now our job is to save our current system which republicans are trying to destroy.rt @brianschatz: they won't stop until the end of september. we cannot stop until the end of september. until we put patients over profits, our health care system will not work for ordinary americans. #medicareforall rt @shailenewoodley: how can the united states stand to be the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people…rt @nowthisnews: here's why this canadian doctor supports @berniesanders' plan for universal health care a great nation is not judged by its billionaires, but by its compassion. rt @repraulgrijalva: #medicareforall is not a radical idea - it's the healthcare system that every other advanced country has in place.rt @docdanielle: "i wish that all of my american neighbours could experience the same simplicity in their moments of need." supporting #med…"rt @coleledford: not only have senate semocrats stopped obamacare repeal, but they are now fighting to cover even more people.incredibl…"rt @kamalaharris: “you cannot have justice in this country when millions of americans cannot get access to health care.” —@corybooker #medi…rt @benwikler: "this is a defining moment in the character of our country." @corybooker #medicareforall rt @erinschrode: the smartest, most effective, economical healthcare strategy is prevention. right now, we have a failing sick-care system.…rt @kamalaharris: all of us are standing up and saying "let's just do what's right." #medicareforallrt @public_citizen: why do we need #medicareforall? one in three americans had a cost-related access to health care problem in the past yea…rt @frankthorp: bernie has packed the room where he's unveiling #medicareforall (same room as the comey hearing) --&gt; rt @activist: we're the only modern nation that's brainwashed ppl into believing health care is not a human right how can the united states stand to be the only major country on earth that doesn’t guarantee health care to all people? #medicareforallrt @nationalnurses: "this system is killing too many of my patients" - melissa johnson-camacho, rn. healthcare is a right! let's make it ha…rt @benwikler: "you should not have to be stuck in a job you don't want just because it provides decent healthcare for your family" – @bern…rt @nationalnurses: "it is immoral that anyone profits off of another person's need for health care," says melissa johnson-camacho, rn. #me…rt @alyssa_milano: i am a citizen co-sponsor for the #medicareforall bill! you can be too! sign the petition here: rt @lilishalevshawn: history in the making. @docdanielle supporting @berniesanders #medicareforall in @ussenate bcos #healthcareisahumanrig…rt @roseanndemoro: oncology nurse, melissa: "it is immoral for anyone to profit off people who need care. profit is made when care is denie…rt @jordanuhl: people having to forego anesthesia during painful procedures because they can’t afford it should illustrate the necessity of…universal health care is a reality in dozens of countries around the world. it just makes sense for the u.s. to do the same. #medicareforallrt @rokhanna: #medicareforall would mean that the -in- low income americans who are uninsured will be able to see a doctor. rt @kamalaharris: “this system is killing too many of my patients. let’s put an end to a system that puts profits before people." #medicare…rt @erikaandiola: momentum is growing for #medicareforall! great to be here to witness this historic moment with @berniesanders. healthcare…rt @benwikler: oncology nurse: "for cancer patients, #medicareforall could be the difference between life and death." rt @repbonnie: it's time for medical bankruptcy to be a thing of the past.  #medicareforallrt @cbsnews: watch live: sen. bernie sanders to unveil his “medicare for all” health care plan  rt @nomikikonst: 🐴🐴🐴in the 🏠#medicareforall it’s an injustice for millions of people to be one illness away from financial disaster. we need #medicareforall.rt @thenation: .@berniesanders just released his single-payer healthcare bill and sat down to talk with us about it. "most americans want universal health care. what are we waiting for?rt @nytopinion: .@berniesanders: i have heard from americans who have shared heartbreaking stories about our dysfunctional system i've been criticized for saying this, so let me repeat it: yes, health care is a right of all people.rt @sengillibrand: if you believe every american should have good, affordable health care, join me in supporting medicare for all. rt @kamalaharris: later today, i’ll stand alongside @berniesanders and  of my senate democratic colleagues to introduce medicare for all…thank you @tammybaldwin. i am proud to be in the fight for medicare for all with you. rt @corybooker: quality health care should be a right not dependent on wealth—that's why i'm cosponsoring the medicare for all act: rt @jeffmerkley: we need a seamless health care system that delivers better care. that's why i’m cosponsoring @berniesanders' #medicarefora…rt @sengillibrand: health care is a right, not a privilege. this week, i'll proudly join senator @berniesanders to co-sponsor medicare for…@elizabethforma thank you @elizabethforma. the momentum is on our side. let's make health care a right. rt @residente: en washington dc junto a @berniesanders en una charla sobre las nuevas leyes anti emigrantes impuestas por el gobierno actua…labor day is a time to remember that for hundreds of years unions have led the fight for equal rights and economic… rt @senkamalaharris: health care is a right. rt if you agree.rt @cbsthismorning: ahead on @cbsthismorning: senator @berniesanders joins us live. turn on @cbs. we stand with everyone undergoing oppression and suffering tonight, with people living in fear of white supremacists and neo-nazis.we stand with the immigrant families who are scared to death, to young people on the daca program for whom america is their home.my thoughts are with all those affected by hurricane harvey. stay safe and find assistance here: by pardoning sheriff arpaio, president trump has once again made clear where he stands: on the side of racism and discrimination.rt @facethenation: sunday: we'll hear from sen. @berniesanders as he continues to travel to red states to win over gop voters "rt @fightfor: .@berniesanders is in! he's joining us to #fightfor and #union rights for all workers on labor day! rsvp today: "we're live in portsmouth, ohio, talking with locals about the opioid crisis. join the conversation in the comments:live: join bernie for a town hall in ohio to talk about our priorities on health care, wages and infrastructure: rt @evanmcmurry: .@berniesanders in indianapolis: "we're not going to rebuild the shrinking middle class unless we rebuild the trade union…rt @abcpolitics: .@berniesanders: "what an embarrassment it is that we have a president who cannot condemn in unequivocal terms" white supr…we defeated the disastrous republican health care plan. now we must work together to guarantee health care to all. watch live: bernie speaks at the @goodjobsnation rally in indianapolis to call on trump to protect workers: i am heading to indiana, michigan and ohio this week to make one simple point: all americans are entitled to health care as a right.rt @fortunemagazine: an exclusive op-ed from senator @berniesanders: "why medicare-for-all is good for business" join me, chuck jones and @goodjobsnation today in indianapolis to stand up for good jobs and livable wages: we must now stand together as a global community to address the threat of terrorism and resist efforts to divide us up.my thoughts are with the people of barcelona, the victims of this horrific terror attack and their families.immigrants should have a rational path toward citizenship, not just a dark corner to hide in. we must vigorously #defenddaca.rt @ajjaffe: "the long-term solution to the healthcare crisis in america is to make medicare available to all" @berniesanders says @ senior…rt @guardian: most americans want universal healthcare. what are we waiting for? | bernie sanders the best way for us to truly honor her memory is to make sure that, every day, we continue that struggle.heather sacrificed her life in the fight for social and racial justice. she will not be forgotten.our condolences go out to the family of heather heyer who was killed by a terrorist as she protested neo-nazism and white supremacy.as hate crimes and hostility toward minorities surge, now more than ever we must stand against those who threaten our brothers and sisters.my thoughts are with those in the charlottesville community and around the country who have been targeted.the white nationalist demonstration in #charlottesville is a reprehensible display of racism and hatred. this has no place in our society.bottom line is: if other countries around the world are providing quality health care to all their people, we can do the same.rt @laurenegambino: bernie sanders pushes universal health plan in wake of republican repeal failure rt @mic: .@berniesanders writes for @mic: it's time for congress to step up and fix youth unemployment  rt @cnnsotu: make sure to watch this sunday for @jaketapper's exclusive interview with sen. @berniesanders only on #cnnsotu republicans are about to vote to let , americans die without health insurance. think about that.the vote to proceed on the 'health care' bill is a step toward passing the most dangerous and destructive legislation in our modern history.rt @guardian: bernie sanders and al gore on solving the climate crisis john mccain is a hero, one of the most respected senators and a friend. the hopes and prayers of the nation are with him and his family.rt @theview: ahead on @theview: sen. @berniesanders shares his #politicalview — and meet the man behind the biggest movie dance scenes, @ke…rt @theview: tomorrow on @theview: senator @berniesanders joins the ladies live to talk the battle over health care and much more! in this country we should not be throwing millions off of health insurance. we should be guaranteeing health care for all as a right.this is a great victory for the millions who stood up and fought back. i congratulate everyone for their hard work. a great nation isn’t judged by how many billionaires it has, but by how we treat the most vulnerable among us.@benjealous ben has proposed a progressive agenda that can bring together working people across the political spect… @benjealous the most important thing we can do to fight trump’s destructive agenda is to elect strong progressive l… i am pleased to endorse @benjealous for governor of maryland. he’s had a lifetime of courageous activism and can speak to every community.rt @nowthisnews: bernie sanders makes a passionate argument for why universal health care is 'long overdue' thanks to obamacare, william can’t be denied health insurance because of his pre-existing condition. republicans wa… the republican health care bill is an insult to the american people. it belongs in a garbage can.yes, this bill will be a disaster for working families. but what’s important to @senatemajldr is that the top % in this country want it.how could it be that @senatemajldr could be working so hard to destroy legislation which benefited his own state more than any other?we're in kentucky to tell mitch mcconnell: do not take health care from  million to give tax cuts to billionaires. a great nation is not judged its number of billionaires or the tax breaks they get. it's judged by how we treat the most vulnerable.when workers in west virginia have two or three jobs to stay alive, you don’t take away their health care to give billionaires tax breaks.west virginia’s overdose death rate is the highest in the u.s. we need more funding to address the crisis—not nearly $b in medicaid cuts.what kind of country are we when anyone could think about cutting help to disabled kids in order to give tax breaks to billionaires?this legislation is fatally flawed. no small tweak here or there will undo the massive damage it will cause to west virginia and the nation.how can you draft a bill of such enormous magnitude without one public comment from experts who are most knowledgeable about health care?@sencapito: in america we’re not supposed to take from the most vulnerable people in order to give massive tax breaks to billionaires.while the middle class is shrinking, we will not be part of a process which takes from those families to give even more to the very rich.join us in telling sen. capito that we will not allow  million americans to be thrown off their health insurance. "join me tomorrow morgantown, west virginia, to tell republicans not to take away the health care of millions:thank you @donnafedwards for sharing your story. the issues you raise are true for people all across america. @senatemajldr the bottom line is this bill is a disaster for america but an even greater disaster for kentucky and… @senatemajldr further, if mcconnell's legislation is passed thousands of kentuckians would no longer be able to rec… unbelievably, when kentucky has made huge progress on health care, @senatemajldr would throw over , kentuckians off health insurance.join me for a rally in kentucky on sunday to make your voice heard in the fight to protect our health care: how could any republican senator vote to destroy the affordable care act when it has helped so many of their constituents?rt @pramilajayapal: seventeen years ago, i celebrated my first independence day as a united states citizen. my story in @nytimes: happy th of july! happy independence day! read the declaration of independence here: we may disagree on where to go with health care, but there should at least be open debate. not just decisions made behind closed doors.let's not forget that sen. mcconnell still refuses to hold one hearing on the health care bill that would throw  million off insurance.rt @revdrbarber: it's immoral that we're even having a conversation about taking away healthcare from millions of americans.rt @gdnusopinion: american healthcare is in crisis. we must fight for the real needs of the people | bernie sanders and james e… remember this is the wealthiest country in history. we should not have children in poverty. we should not have people without health care.people who can't afford health care do not deserve to die.the cbo analysis of the disastrous trump-mcconnell health care bill gives us  million reasons why it should not s… rt @clyburn: @berniesanders &amp; i will announce legislation today on community health centers. #aca #protectourcarert @laurenegambino: bernie sanders rallies opposition to republican healthcare reform plan rt @moveon: "health care must be a right for all." thank you @berniesanders #protectourcare"we are in columbus to say to sen. rob portman: ""vote no on the health care bill. do not take away our care."""join me in charleston today to tell republicans they must stop the attack on our health care:if this legislation was to pass, there is no question that many thousands of our fellow americans could die unneces… here's a crazy idea: we should join the rest of the world and guarantee health care to all, rather than take it away from  million people.senator pat toomey, we are here to say, "this is a barbaric and immoral piece of legislation. vote no!" "watch live as we rally from pittsburgh to stop the republican campaign to take away millions' health care:rt @moveon: we'll be streaming live at our first #protectourcare rally stop w/ @berniesanders at p et tonight! tune in here: "join me tonight in pittsburgh to tell republicans loudly and clearly to stop the attack on our health care:please call on california speaker @rendonrd to reverse his decision &amp; let the assembly vote on sb  - the singl… rt @moveon: sat @berniesanders heads to #pa to #fightforhealthcare. demand @sentoomey #protectourcare. more:  let us be clear and this is not trying to be overly dramatic: thousands of people will die if the republican health care bill becomes law.rt @moveon: #oh #protectourcare rally w/ @berniesanders will be on #moveon's facebook live! here:  rt @moveon: #wv #protectourcare rally w/ bernie sanders will be on #moveon's facebook live! here:  republicans' bill has nothing to do with health care. it’s an enormous transfer of wealth from working people to the richest americans.rt @voxdotcom: bernie sanders explains why trump is so dangerous  the affordable care act should be improved. but the answer is not to throw  million americans off of health insurance.you're not improving health care when you defund planned parenthood and deny millions of women their provider of health care.rt @morningedition: sen. bernie sanders: "why are we the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care to all people?" our criminal justice system is profoundly broken and has failed african americans over and over again. we need major reforms.we must demand a justice system that values black lives, not one that takes innocent black lives. our prayers go out for a full recovery of rep. scalise, the congressional aides and police who were injured. we’ve got to stop the violence.if democrats are prepared to stand up to the greed of the billionaire class, the party will stop losing elections. what are republicans hiding? a bill to take health care away from millions of americans. we need a governor like @tomperriello who will fight for the progressive values we support. virginia, go vote! the movement for economic, racial and environmental justice is not just growing here in the u.s. it is growing worldwide.rt @julianzelizer: why @berniesanders was right. here is my take on @cnnopinion  @earlystart @newday @cnnnewsroomthank you to @nationalnurses for organizing the people's summit. this is the political revolution. let's go forward… the democratic party must decide which side it is on. it cannot be the side of wall street, fossil fuels and the pharmaceutical industry.trump spare us the lies and hypocrisy. don't tell us you're a friend of working families when you make huge cuts to life or death programs.we have shown that even in very red states strong progressives can do better than anyone imagined and we can win in any state in america.thanks to @nationalnurses the california senate passed single payer. it's up to the house &amp; governor to transform heath care in california.it's not bernie. it's you. we are in this together. we always have been and always will be. #pplsummit@jeremycorbyn people in the u.k., the u.s. and elsewhere want governments that represent all the people, not just the %.@jeremycorbyn all over the world, people are rising up against austerity and massive levels of income and wealth inequality.i am delighted to see labour do so well. i congratulate @jeremycorbyn for running a very effective campaign.rt @benwikler: everyone should watch and share this heartbreaking @dscc ad on the gop health care bill over and over. looking forward to joining so many great progressive leaders at the @pplsummit in chicago this weekend.rt @nationalnurses: press release: @sensanders to headline at big gathering of progressive activists in chicago  #pp…"rt @jstein_vox: new report by @berniesanders details what happens in private partnerships crucial to trump infrastructure plan @presidentirl pres. higgins, a member of the labour party, has been a lifelong advocate for workers' rights, women'… jane and i were honored to meet with @presidentirl when we were in dublin. we really enjoyed our discussion which t… after such attacks, we must resist efforts to divide us up by race, religion or nationality. we can overcome these challenges together.there’s no justification for this despicable violence. we must stand together as a global community to address terrorism and other crises.the horrific attack in london, where i was yesterday, was another outrage committed by fanatics. my thoughts are with the people of london."rt @roseanndemoro: victory! thank you ca senators! we are leading the nation 🇺🇸ca is another step closer to guaranteed #healthcare! #sb…"with or without the support of trump and the fossil fuel industry we must transition rapidly away from fossil fuels to renewable energy.withdrawing from the paris climate agreement would be a horrific mistake. this extraordinary crisis calls out for international cooperation.rt @revdrbarber: i'm going to jail to #saveourhealthcare. we shall not be moved! #moralmovement #moralagenda we owe a debt of gratitude to all veterans who have defended our country and to the families of those who paid the ultimate sacrifice.rt @nowthisnews: bernie sanders won't stop fighting to raise the minimum wage — and now he's got major support in congress rob quist is standing up for working families in montana. let’s do everything we can to bring out the vote tomorrow. rt @msnbc: bernie sanders on trump's budget plan: 'grotesquely immoral':  rt @danielmarans: .@berniesanders says @realdonaldtrump budget exposes president as fake populist  via @huffpostpolthe reality is that the budget that trump has proposed would break virtually every promise he made to the working people of this country.this is not a budget for working families and the middle class. it is a budget for the billionaire class and it mus… if there is large voter turnout on thursday, rob is going to pull off a major upset and win this election. let’s bring out that vote!rob quist is standing up for working families and fighting for an economy and government that works for all, not just the billionaires.rt @larrywilmore: don't forget to subscribe and listen to my last ep. with bernie sanders. and of course i didn't forget cosby! is it possible for ordinary people to come together and defeat a candidate of the millionaires? montana can do it on thursday.rt @arirabinhavt: pre butte rally @berniesanders and @robquistformt shoot some hoops yes. we need to go forward on the trump investigations. but we must also address the reality that there is a lot of… "rt @robquistformt: retweet so everyone knows: bernie's coming to montana this weekend! rsvp here:  congratulations @krasnerda. this victory is an important step forward in the fight to reform a very broken crimina… for whatever reason, i believe donald trump doesn't fully understand what being president is all about. #cnntownhallrt @cnnpolitics: sen. bernie sanders: "this is a sad day and a sad period” rt @theleadcnn: a #cnntownhall: white house in crisis with @berniesanders and @johnkasich airs at p et on cnn rt @cnn: a #cnntownhall: white house in crisis with @berniesanders and @johnkasich airs at p et on cnn it’s time for republican members of congress to work with us in demanding that trump be held accountable for his actions.now more than ever we need a special prosecutor to determine whether there was collusion between the trump campaign and russia.rt @danabashcnn: #cnntownhall with @johnkasich &amp; @berniesanders is now at p et - focused on latest wh bombshell(s)rt @cnnmoney: tonight at p et: @berniesanders and @johnkasich face off for #cnndebatenight. watch:  if there was ever a time for a generation to be bold and to think big, to stand up and to fight back, it is now. rt @abcpolitics: .@berniesanders tells class of  grads: "you just cannot look away. you have got to be involved." i'll be on @cnn at : pm et to discuss trump's decision to fire fbi director james comey.what is trump afraid of? why did he want to stop comey's investigation? we need an independently appointed special counsel to tell us that.rt @tammybaldwin: i’ve teamed up with @berniesanders to help keep pensions for up to  million american workers. read about our bill: rt @cartercenter: pres. carter &amp; @berniesanders will speak here tonight at :. this will be broadcast on facebook live. are you...congratulations to the people of france who today, by an overwhelming vote, rejected racism and xenophobia.rt @allinwithchris: trump says australia's (single payer) health care system is better. @berniesanders: "thank you mr. president" our job now is to rally millions of americans against this disastrous republican bill to make sure that it does not pass the senate.the republican “health care” bill is a disaster. it has nothing to do with health care and everything to do with tax breaks for the wealthy.today we defend the affordable care act. tomorrow we fight for a medicare-for-all, single payer system.rt @ppact: #gop leadership is determined to force their new #acarepeal bill through the house. it’s up to us to stop them→people who can’t afford health care do not deserve to die. i don’t know how we can make it any clearer than that.how can you call something "health care reform” when millions of people lose their health insurance?trump's belief that climate change is a "hoax” isn't just embarrassingly stupid, it’s a threat to our entire planet. congratulations to all those participating in the #climatemarch. we will fight trump who thinks climate change is a "hoax."rt @seatimesopinion: op-ed: sens. patty murray and bernie sanders crusade for national $ minimum wage.  despite all the bombast and populist rhetoric, trump is just implementing the right-wing koch brothers ideology. "rt @billmckibben: we owe our planet this #climatemarch--and a certain amount of hopert @cbsnews: "what concerns me right now is these incredible tax breaks that pres. trump and republican leadership are proposing," @bernies…no, @realdonaldtrump. giving huge tax breaks to billionaires is not standing up for working families.rt @cbsthismorning: tomorrow on @cbsthismorning: @berniesanders joins us at the table in studio  rt @billmckibben: watching @senjeffmerkley @berniesanders @greenforall @yeampierre et al introduce bill for  pct renewable. future is co…rt @keithellison: on the same day democrats were rallying around a $ minimum wage, the @gop unveiled a massive tax cut for corporations a…we will not rest until every worker in america has the fundamental right to make at least $ an hour.rt @danielmarans: bernie sanders and democrats are introducing a new $ minimum wage bill  via @huffpostpolrt @nationalaction: bernie sanders will be addressing the #nanconv on friday. join us by registering for free  h…rt @latenightseth: we’re back with a great week of shows: jason sudeikis, @caitlyn_jenner, james spader, @berniesanders and more! republicans love to talk about "family values.” do they care that we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of… mr. trump: instead of scapegoating the undocumented, work with us to provide a path toward citizenship.rt @ppact: today, @cecilerichards rallied with grassroots activists and supporters in las vegas. #fightback @sensanders @tomperez thank you @cecilerichards for being with me in las vegas today.women in this country will control their own bodies. not the united states government.for too long the democratic party has turned its back on a lot of states in this country. @tomperez being in utah s… if you think you don't know enough to run for office, just take a look at what's going on in congress. trust me, yo… i applaud the energy and activism in @ossoff's campaign. his victory would be an important step in fighting back against trump's agenda.we need to have the guts to address the issues of little haiti, liberty city, and struggling communities all over t… how many yachts do billionaires need? how many cars do they need? give us a break. you can't have it all.rt @nebraskadems: the man who energized progressive grassroots in nebraska, @sensanders!  #cometogetherfightback our job now is to involve millions of people into the political process who previously were not involved. today i taped a special with @natgeo in little haiti, miami, a community dealing with devastating problems. their r… in the richest country in the history of the world, our people should not be living in such despair and hopelessnes… miami - it's time for us to come together and fight back. join me tonight at  pm. rt @kydems: .@berniesanders: "in this country, the economy belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires."  #cometogetherfightba…you don't stand with workers when you propose massive tax cuts for the rich and take health care away from millions of americans.you don't stand with workers when you propose massive increases in military spending but cut back on programs for the elderly and children.donald trump said he would stand with the working people of this country. good speech but unfortunately it wasn't true.we need to make the democratic party a party not just for the east coast and west coast but a party for all  states.i want to talk about a radical concept. it's called democracy. it's about government of the people, by the people and for the people.it's time for us to come together and fight back. we're live at a rally in louisville, kentucky. watch here: rt @maryaliceparks: perez and sanders event in louisville live here: rt @mic: .@sensanders @tomperez tonight, @sensanders &amp; @tomperez will tackle the future of democracy in a roundtable discussion. tune in at…today, i joined @mic for a roundtable in frankfort, ky, to discuss our country's future. tune in at pm tonight at… the line is already forming at the palace theater in louisville ahead of tonight's rally. rob quist is a populist, grassroots candidate fighting for the working families of montana. i look forward to campaigning with him in may..@robquistformt understands we need a government that works for all montanans and americans, not just special interests and billionaires.rt @navigatingtrump: we're hosting a roundtable with @berniesanders and @tomperez in frankfort, ky on their #fightback tour across america.i wouldn't have phrased it the way this young man did, but yes, the insurance companies will not like my medicare-f… we need to revitalize american democracy in this country and turn the democratic party into a grassroots, bottom up… rt @mainedems: tonight's the night! bernie sanders &amp; tom perez speak @ state theater at . get in line early, folks! #mepolitics rt @cnnsotu: join us this sunday for @jaketapper's exclusive interview with sen. @berniesanders only on #cnnsotu rt @msnbc: bernie sanders: dems will win if we mobilize &amp; educate  .@jamesthompsonks the entire country now understands that grassroots america is standing up and fighting back again… i want to congratulate @jamesthompsonks and the progressive community in kansas for running a great campaign.the election results in kansas show that people are catching on to the fact that donald trump is doing the opposite of what he promised.rt @jamesthompsonks: the momentum is on our side. the country is watching. let's shock 'em all. let's win this thing! (/) #resistance #in…our military budget is larger than the next  nations combined. we do not need to spend more. we need to take care of our people.rt @tomperez: .@berniesanders &amp; i are hitting the road next week from maine to nevada, and we want to see you. sign up for info: it is easy to go to war with other countries. it is not so easy to comprehend the unintended consequences of that war.the goal of a health care system should be to keep people well, not to make stockholders rich.rt @nowthisnews: nowthis exclusive: @berniesanders on the fight to make college affordable for all americans rt @tomperriello: big news: @berniesanders will join us on the trail in va. on thurs for a fairfax rally. hope to see you all there! rt @chrismurphyct: it's time to revolutionize the higher ed in america. that's why i joined @berniesanders to introduce college for all htt…rt @senjeffmerkley: started to #holdthefloor at :pm. it’s now :am.  hours later, still speaking out to #stopgorsuch. tune in: women are making % of what men make and for women of color it’s even less. that's nothing but sexism and discrimination. #equalpaydayi oppose the nomination of neil gorsuch. i can't support giving a man with his views a lifetime seat on the supreme court.rt @peterhamby: today's good luck america: inside the resistance w @berniesanders @killermike @cecilerichards @indivisibleteam .@tomperriello tom was the first major statewide candidate in va to run on a $ minimum wage &amp; moved criminal just… .@tomperriello .@tomperriello is standing up to fossil fuel corporations in opposing two fracked gas pipelines that… now more than ever we need people in elected office who will fight for working families. that’s why i'm pleased to endorse @tomperriello.my parents' dream was that if they worked hard as parents they'd see their kids go to college. we must keep that promise to every family.in a global economy we need the best educated workforce in the world, not the one where people cannot afford a higher education.we need to educate all our people in order to address the crises facing us. the way to do that is making higher education affordable to all.rt @thenation: bernie sanders just introduced his free college tuition plan a student who studies hard gets hit with insurmountable debt, yet bankers who crashed our economy got a bailout. how does that make sense?real change will not be led from washington, dc. it will be led at the grassroots level in  states.remember: defeating republicans’ obamacare repeal was just the start. our job is to keep fighting for affordable health care for everyone.ordinary people are taking matters into their own hands to transform our energy system, with or without washington's help. that matters.despite the disaster of the trump presidency, our progressive ideas are winning. mr. trump: we have come too far in this country in overcoming racism, sexism, xenophobia and homophobia to go back. years ago, the top .% owned about % of our nation’s wealth. today, that same .% owns % of the wealth.this is the united states of america. we should not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth.republicans have the money, but we have the people. and when we organize we are going to create the nation we all know we can become.the american people don't believe we should throw millions of people who have been here for years, raising their kids, out of this country.we are going to take on the billionaire class and transform this country so it works for everyone not just the %. unbelievably,  americans own as much wealth as the bottom half of america. one family, the waltons, owns more wealth than the bottom %.rt @newsweek: how bernie sanders’ ideas are winning in the trump era  trump’s executive order is a threat to the wellbeing of our country and the entire planet. you can't run a governme… we now must take on a horrific republican budget and efforts at "tax reform" which means huge tax breaks to billionaires and corporations.we must be clear. this important victory against the republican health care plan is not the end of our work. it is the beginning.rt @allinwithchris: joining @chrislhayes tonight: @berniesanders and @mmflint #inners this is a major victory for working families and everyone who attended rallies and town hall meetings in opposition… our true goal is not just stopping republicans from destroying health care. our goal is guaranteeing health care as a right to all people.republicans are scrambling on their health care plan and they are embarrassed. they’re on the defensive. keep fighting back.republicans' health care plan—tax breaks for millionaires and raised premiums for seniors—isn’t what a civilized society is about.trump promised “insurance for everybody.” apparently “everybody” doesn’t include the  million they are taking health care away from.rt @cnnsotu: join us this sunday on #cnnsotu for an interview with sen. @berniesanders how does it happen that we have a president who has nothing but nice things to say about mr. putin? what do the russians have on mr. trump?rt @marieclaire: jennifer england has breast cancer and thyroid cancer. if obamacare is repealed, she could die:  ht…trump’s war against truth rt @emmarcourt: bernie sanders thinks this $,-a-year drug just bought by $ptct should be $, a year instead we must never forget. health care is a human right. all people are entitled to coverage.we should call the republican health care plan what it really is: a massive tax break for those who are the wealthiest in america.let us never forget that in , wall street’s greed, recklessness and illegal behavior nearly destroyed our economywhen wall street talks, congress listens. when working class kids talk about being saddled with horrendous debts, who is listening to them?we’re the richest nation in history. and yet  in  americans have to choose between medicine or other necessities like food.some politicians still refuse to recognize the reality of climate change. it’s . that’s a disgrace."the u.s. has the largest defense budget in the world—bigger than the next  nations combined. but trump wants more."trump and the rest of the republican party are turning their backs on working and rural americans and seniors.our job is to stand together and say: we don’t need to give tax breaks to billionaires. we need to invest in working people."for someone who talked about draining the swamp and standing up to wall street, trump has a funny way of doing so.being involved in politics is not just about elections. it is fighting for racial, social, economic and environmental justice every day.we are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. i don't think that is the nation we should be living in.the great political and democratic crisis we now face is not voter fraud. it is voter suppression.amidst trump’s antics we must not lose sight of a progressive agenda focused on racial, social, environmental and economic justice.for someone who talked about draining the swamp and standing up to wall street, trump has a funny way of doing so. here’s a radical idea. let’s make our economy work for all of us, not just the top %.we must guarantee health care as a right. people who can’t afford care deserve to live as much as those who can.the gop alternative to obamacare is grotesque and ugly. you don't throw  million people off health care and call it "health care reform."the women of this country have the right to control their own bodies and get the health care they choose. no cuts to planned parenthood.rt @postopinions: donald trump's tax plan would mean huge breaks for millionaires like trump  by @cgfaricyrt @nowthisnews: 'throwing millions of people off of healthcare is not healthcare legislation'— @berniesanders, deep in the heart of trump…our job is to provide health care for all people as a human right, not throw  million americans off the health insurance that they have.if donald trump and paul ryan’s "health care” plan is adopted, thousands of americans will die. this bill is a disgrace.rt @guardianus: 'despair is not an option': bernie sanders's advice to young progressives in america rt @msnbc: sen. bernie sanders joins chris hayes on a special @allinwithchris tonight at  p.m. et. #allinwithbernie the @aclu at this critical time is doing enormously important work. i congratulate them for stepping up to the chal… the wealthy don't deserve health care more than anyone else. everyone should be guaranteed health care regardless of their income.i've been criticized for this point, so allow me to repeat it: health care is a human right of all people, not a privilege.remember: the u.s. is the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people. that's what we have to do.we spend far, far more per capita for our very dysfunctional health care system. republicans want to make that worse.the republican "substitute" for obamacare is not really health care legislation. its primary purpose is to provide tax breaks to the rich.trump should avoid a bad zika deal rt @brianschatz: no huge corporation operating in america should pay zero taxes. @berniesanders and i introduced a bill to fix that. rt @cnnsitroom: .@berniesanders on trump's wiretap claim: just adds to the delusional statements we hear from the president  because we have a rigged tax code that has essentially legalized tax dodging for large corporations. rt @joshfoxfilm: watch @berniesanders and i on his fb page today! (and on mine). rt @joshfoxfilm: yes you heard right. me. bernie. live. tomorrow. tune in. #banfrackingnow @berniesanders @peoplebernie trump’s muslim ban isn’t about keeping us safe. a president intent on keeping us safe wouldn't give ideological ammunition to terrorists.let’s call trump's travel ban what it is: a racist and anti-islamic attempt to divide us up.i am proud to stand with everyone today who is fighting for dignity on the job and the right to join a union at nissan.rt @uaw: getting ready to #marchon for workers' rights at nissan in canton, ms with @berniesanders and @mrdannyglover rt @uaw: .@berniesanders &amp; @dannylglover are telling nissan to treat workers w/dignity. you can too!  #dobetternissa…we need a justice department that will give us the facts about russia’s ties to the trump campaign. jeff sessions should resign.thank you president trump and mr. bannon for making our country less safe. rt @nowthisnews: .@berniesanders just had the ultimate response to president trump's speech rt @senatorcantwell: today i cosponsored the affordable and safe prescription drug importation act with @repjayapal  and @berniesanders htt…rt @cnnpolitics: sen. bernie sanders on trump’s presidency: “i am stunned everyday”  trump must speak against this senseless act, not just condemn violence when it fits his agenda of fear mongering. if the republicans in congress won't do the right thing for workers, we must advance the progressive agenda state by state.the attacks against transgender people are part of a bigotry which has got to end.to republicans i say: do your job. listen to your constituents. they do not want obamacare repealed and to be thrown off their health care.americans should not have to pay the highest prices for prescription drugs simply because congress is bought and paid for by big pharma.more and more americans are getting involved in the political process and are standing up and fighting back. rt @kcstar: progressive vision "is the future of america," bernie sanders tells kansas democrats:  the democratic party must make clear it will stand up to the % and lead in the fight for social, racial, economic and environmental justiceit's imperative tom understands that the same-old, same-old isn't working and that we must bring in working and young people in a new way.i congratulate tom perez on his election as chairman of the democratic national committee and look forward to working with him.rt @rightsvt: s packed in at todays #savehealthcare rally in #montpelier! @berniesanders @peoplebernie @ourrevolution @vtdems @progpart…now is the time for the american people to demand that the congress listens to them, and not wealthy campaign contributors or lobbyists.i believe you are entitled to justice and to equal rights, whether you're black, hispanic, gay or transgender. you are a human being.rt @moveon: .@sensanders wants you to join him on saturday to help save the affordable care act.  one of the great and ongoing struggles of human existence has been the effort to overcome fear of people who are different than we are.rt @mrdannyglover: why i support @keithellison for #dncchair  @ellisoncampaignhow is it that there are people who have more luxuries than anyone can imagine, while children go hungry or die of preventable diseases?it is time to understand that health care is a right, not a privilege. it is time to move toward a medicare-for-all system.ed garvey will be sorely missed, but not forgotten. he was an inspiration to many of us. rt @wsjpolitics: how bernie sanders's followers are infiltrating and transforming the democratic party: when we talk about fair wages, i hope every man will stand with women and fight for pay equity.we have virtually no voter fraud in america. what is the fraud is that people are changing laws because of so-called voter fraud."rt @billdeblasio: here's why i believe keith ellison is the right choice to serve as the next chair of the democratic party: we will lose our fights for justice when we are divided or apathetic, and the fights we face now are far too important to risk that.we will not allow republicans to punish the elderly, children, the sick and the poor, while they reward their billionaire friends.at a time of grotesque income inequality, the rich do not need more tax breaks and working people do not need cuts to basic needs.this is no time for despair or giving up. this is a time for organizing, educating and fighting back.the struggle for our rights is not a one-time event. it must be fought by every generation.obamacare isn’t perfect. but the solution is not to throw millions off health care without a replacement plan and say, “you're on your own."when trump and his friends make delusional statements about "voter fraud," they are setting the stage for an increase in voter suppression.our job today: strengthen obamacare and stop the repeal. tomorrow, we must join the rest of the world and guarantee health care for all.if you're rich and powerful and commit illegal behavior you get promoted to the president's cabinet. there’s something very wrong with that.our nation worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. i don’t believe that is the nation we should be living in.it appears mr. trump, who attacks media that makes critical remarks about him as “fake news,” doesn't understand what democracy is about.republicans claim to represent family values but plan to throw  million people off health insurance. that doesn't seem like family values. states and cities raised minimum wages last year. how is that possible? because millions of people stood up to fight.our diversity is our strength. we must take pride in that, not let hatred divide us.i would hope that republicans have the courage to stand up to trump's movement to authoritarianism.trump: want to know what fake news is? your denial of climate change and the lies spread by fossil fuel companies to protect their profits.according to trump, if you want the truth, ignore everything except what he is saying. that's what totalitarianism… great news! now is the time for keith ellison to become chair of the democratic party. instead of draining the swamp, trump is filling it up with the same old wall street insiders, whose greed nearly destroyed our economy.talk about cowardice. republicans are trying to ram through pruitt's confirmation before the american people find out what is in his emails.we need an epa administrator whose priority is the safety of people, not the profits of the fossil fuel industry. pruitt is not that person.scientists are virtually unanimous that climate change is real and caused by human activity. mr. pruitt refuses to recognize that.rt @goodjobsnation: . @berniesanders : our job now is to pass $ an hour as a federal min wage so everyone has a living wage! rt @abcpolitics: .@berniesanders calls puzder's withdrawal from consideration as labor secretary a "victory for millions of workers" we need a labor secretary who will stand up for workers, raising the minimum wage &amp; pay equity for women. mr. puzder was not that candidate.we need to know if president trump's foreign policy represents the best interests of this country or the best interests of russia.our job: break up the major financial institutions, not appoint more wall street executives to the administration as trump has done.our job is to grow the trade union movement so that workers, white collar and blue collar, can stand up and fight for their rights.trump old workers he would stand up for them and stand up to wall street. now, the same old wall street insiders are running the show.what i say to the american people is: stay focused. we will fight for an economy that works for all and doesn’t just benefit the wealthy.we’ve got to bring people together around a progressive agenda. they want to raise the minimum wage and make health care a right.trump is a total hypocrite. he campaigned saying i'm going to take on wall street, and then he hires the president of goldman sachs.when donald trump attacks the  media as “fake news” what he is doing is trying to move our country in an authoritarian direction.our job is to stand together, vigorously oppose trump's racist immigration policies and fight for policies that work for working families.whether it is in conservative parts of the country or in progressive areas, the american people are fighting back. trump has sent many tweets the last few months. but where's the tweet saying he’ll keep his promise to not cut medicare and medicaid?we need an attorney general who’ll defend the constitution &amp; educate the president about what it means. jeff sessions won't be that person.when i read the same letter as @senwarren, no one prevented me from speaking. sen. mcconnell owes sen. warren an apology. #letlizspeakit is unconscionable that sen. mitch mcconnell silenced sen. elizabeth warren because she read a letter from coretta scott king.ceos of drug companies should not be making millions when customers are dying because they cannot afford their medication. #debatewithberniein the midst of massive wealth inequality, @tedcruz doesn't just want to take away health care, he wants to give huge tax breaks to the %.we're having an absurd discussion for the wealthiest nation. we are talking about taking health care away from  million people.a medicare-for-all system would save us hundreds of billions in health care costs a year. it’s financially smart and the moral thing to do.i’ve been criticized for this point, so allow me to repeat it: yes, health care is a right of all people. #debatewithbernie#debatewithbernie president trump and the army have chosen to ignore the law and allow the dakota access pipeline to be completed. th… are we really comfortable with a situation where private companies and the government know more about our lives tha… rt @cnnpolitics: the future of obamacare: what’s next? @tedcruz and @berniesanders debate at  p.m. et #cnndebatenight donald trump’s goal is to protect the interests of the wealthiest and most powerful people in this country. that is exactly what he’s doing.after working for puzder for  years, joann left without a penny of savings, with no health care and no pension. sen. sanders will debate sen. ted cruz tonight on the future of the affordable care act. tune in at  et!… the choice on devos is clear. we need to protect children with disabilities, not ignore their needs. #noondevoswhen republicans say they want to "save" or "strengthen" social security, what they mean is that they want to cut social security benefits.donald trump is a fraud. he said during the campaign he would take on wall street and now he's working for wall street.surprise, surprise. trump has turned his back on everything he said in the campaign and cozied up to wall street. i want a supreme court that will stand up for civil liberties, constitutional rights, workers' rights, environmental rights, women's rights.we are a democracy, not a one-man show. we are not another trump enterprise.rt @cnnsotu: tune in this morning to #cnnsotu for @jaketapper's interview sen. @berniesandersfriday's order by a federal judge in seattle blocking president trump's immigration ban was a victory for rule of law and the constitution.it is not only progressives who are outraged by trump's actions and statements. this absurd and unconstitutional idea must not be passed. we must not end the separation of church and state. rt @washingtonpost: bernie sanders: will trump have the guts to stand up to drug companies?  via @postopinions rt @cnnsotu: join us this sunday for @jaketapper's interview with sen. @berniesanders on #cnnsotu is there not one more republican senator who will stand with the american people against betsy devos?judge gorsuch must explain his hostility to women's rights, support of corporations over workers and opposition to… president trump's ban on immigrants from seven majority-muslim countries is un-american, unconstitutional and will not make us more safe.the american people are settling in for a long and sustained fight to defend democracy and the values which have made us a great county.we believe in a nation based on economic, social, racial and environmental justice and we've just begun to fight back.we should be looking for guidance now not from pollsters and political consultants, but from leaders like martin luther king, jr.given trump's dangerous and unconstitutional actions, the democratic party can no longer do politics "as usual."putting steve bannon, an extreme right-wing operative, on the national security council is dangerous and he should be removed.we say to @realdonaldtrump: rescind the muslim ban!the american people want real change, a change based on compassion and justice, not hatred, intolerance and divisiveness.republicans say they want to get government off people's backs, except, of course, if you are a woman who wants to control her own body."trump claimed he would stand up for working people, but it turns out goldman sachs is still running the show.we're the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care for all as a right. yet, we also spend far more per capita on health care.we need a qualified and knowledgable education secretary, not a billionaire who contributed hundreds of millions to right-wing republicans.is trump already in violation of the emoluments clause of the constitution? congress and the american people must defend american values. no torture!the great political and democratic crisis we now face is not voter fraud. it doesn’t exist. it is voter suppression.president trump said the other day that  to  million people voted illegally in the election. that’s delusional, an "alternative fact."rt @abcpolitics: .@berniesanders on trump's unsubstantiated voter fraud claims: "he is sending a message" to gop "to go forward with voter…i will do everything i can to stop these pipelines and protect our planet for future generations. thank you @lsarsour for helping to organize the march and build a progressive movement. when we stand together, we win. #imarchwithlindawe must be vigorous in fighting terrorism, but we can do it in a way that is constitutional and respects our freedom and privacy rights.it’d be funny if it wasn't so absurd: trump, a billionaire, surrounded at his inauguration by billionaires, says he's anti-establishment.if the aca is repealed, researchers tell us that , americans could die. that’s beyond comprehension. if mr. trump is serious about standing up for working families, he won't throw  million working people off of health insurance.republicans want to repeal the aca, but their alternative (if they ever come up with one) will likely be much worse. the simple truth is that we’ll never have the health care system we need if private insurance companies and drug companies run the show.president trump: women aren’t going back to second-class citizenship. they are going forward. we are all in this together.rt @facethenation: this morning: @berniesanders weighs in on how democrats should approach obamacare, the supreme court, and more.rt @facethenation: tomorrow morning: @berniesanders weighs in on how democrats should approach obamacare, the supreme court, and more. we won't achieve our goals if we treat democracy as a spectator sport, hoping others will do it. they won’t. the future is in our hands.we must vigorously defend daca and the young people in that program and fight for immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.our response to mr. trump's inauguration has to be to fight back for economic, social, environmental &amp; racial justice. we're not giving up!there should be no disagreement that the first family represented us with extraordinary dignity, grace and civility over the last  years.if republicans think they're simply going to throw millions off of health insurance, they’ve got another thing coming.rt @nowthisnews: nowthis sat down with @berniesanders in michigan this weekend to discuss the fight to save the affordable care act let us not forget where dr. king was when he was assassinated. he was standing up with exploited workers in memphis, tennessee. #mlkday"we know through painful experience that freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed.” – mlkto the tens of thousands who stood up for #ourfirststand, thank you. this is not the end of the fight. this is the… rt @dtanner: burlington high school auditorium is packed for #ourfirststand rally with @rightsvt @ourrevolution @ppnne &amp; many others! #…rt @kamalaharris: it would be a national disgrace if our country stripped health benefits away from the most vulnerable among us. #ourfirst…rt @senatortomudall: s of people rallied in #abq to say #saveaca. i'm fighting to #keepnmcovered. "thank you for standing up today from coast to coast to defend health care for millions of americans. #ourfirststand rt @brianschatz: crowd just doubled. rt @timkaine: an incredible rally to #protectourcare in richmond today. packed with virginians who want to #savetheaca. i'm ready to fight…rt @bostonglobe: photos: an estimated , people gathered for #ourfirststand rally at faneuil hall to save obamacare rt @dankildee: my view today from the #ourfirststand rally in warren. , michiganders rallying to #savehealthcare! standing with you to…rt @teampelosi: fabulous turnout for #ourfirststand in sf. nearly , people have turned out! rt @nycmayor: healthcare is a right, not a privilege. congress: stop playing politics with the lives of new yorkers who depend on the aca.…rt @usrepkcastor: #savehealthcare rally turns out hundreds of #tampabay neighbors! message: don't #makeamericasickagain! thx @timintampa #o…rt @janekleeb: nebraskans out in the streets #savehealthcare @nebraskadems @ourrevolution @berniesanders @senschumer #omaha rt @aremyh: packed room in #jerseycity with @johnwisniewski at #ourfirststand rally. rt @roseanndemoro: from tampa to portland to san francisco - thousands have hit the streets to call for guaranteed #healthcare: #medicarea…rt @repjayapal: we are one of the very few developed nations in the entire world that does not guarantee health care to all our citizens. #…rt @repjayapal: amazing. , people have turned out at our event to protect and expand the affordable care act! #ourfirststand rt @ordems: #saveourhealthcare rt @wydenfororegon: we’re live in portland at the #ourfirststand #savehealthcare rally! watch &amp; rt now: rt @kamalaharris: fired up and ready to talk about why we must save the affordable care act. millions of lives are at stake in this fight.…rt @iowademocrats: outstanding turnout for "#ourfirststand rally! thanks to everyone who organized the event &amp; came out in the cold weather…rt @edmarkey: #massachusetts, home of universal health care, is ready to fight this immoral effort to destroy the #aca! #ourfirststand #sav…this is the wealthiest country in history. it's time we got our national priorities right and guarantee health care. #ourfirststandrt @markwarnerva: rallied against the gop plan to #makeamericasickagain and defend our progress at #ourfirststand in nova rt @chrismurphyct: over  people came out on short notice in freezing temps. the movement to #saveaca is real and growing.  health care should not be a privilege for the wealthy. health care is a human right. today we defend that right. #ourfirststandrt @teampelosi: t-minus  hours until #ourfirststand in sf! we hope to see you there. be sure to bundle up! rt @drleanawen: supporting health for , marylanders here @bowiestate #savehealthcare #ourfirststand.rt @martinomalley: salt lake city is ready for #ourfirststand! we will organize &amp; fight back against attempts to repeal our healthcare real change always takes place from the bottom on up. real change happens when people come together to demand it.… rt @marty_walsh: boston is fighting to save our healthcare. for everyone in our city &amp; our country - we won’t back down. #ourfirststand htt…rt @jimlangevin: i was so proud to vote for the #aca when it first passed, and i will keep fighting for it #ourfirststand rt @nationalnurses: yuge crowd in portland, maine at the #medicareall rally today. crowd is chanting "i have a dream! universal healthcare…rt @cyrushabib: as a -time cancer survivor, i was ineligible to purchase health insurance before the aca. let's not go back to that time.…rt @vademocrats: folks in #rva are fired up for the #savehealthcare rally! republicans in congress need to worry about millions of people who are standing up and fighting back to defend health care. #ourfirststandwe are saying to our republican colleagues: we will not let you throw up to  million americans off of health insurance. #ourfirststandour job today is defend the affordable care act. our job tomorrow is to create a single-payer system. #ourfirststandbernie is speaking now in warren, mi #ourfirststand rt @chuckschumer: i'm taking a stand for the k young nyers who thanks to the aca have stayed on their parents plans thru age  #ourfirs…rt @mattsmithwxyz: "we as citizens have a voice. they don't own that." - @senstabenow #ourfirststand rt @roseanndemoro: almost a thousand activists take the charging bull at wall st., chanting: love it, improve it, #medicareall! #ourfirsts…from hawai'i to maine, thousands of people say to republicans today: "you won't get away with dismantling our health care." #ourfirststandrt @chuckschumer: the republican plan to repeal the aca would make america sick again, causing chaos, not affordable care. #ourfirststandrt @michigandems: @senschumer, @sensanders, @senstabenow, and @sengarypeters at our #savehealthcare rally in warren right now rt @elizabethforma: last week, the @senategop took the first steps to rip away health care from  million people. it's wrong. #ourfirststa…rt @nationalnurses: everybody in, nobody out --&gt; we need #medicareall! #ourfirststand march in nyc stretches for blocks &amp; blocks. rt @calnurses: join us today as we take #ourfirststand to save #healthcare! find an event:  #medicareall rt @edmarkey: proud to join @elizabethforma, @martyforboston &amp; thousands in #boston for #ourfirststand – rally to save #aca we will not stand by and watch our health care be dismantled. now is the time to fight back. #ourfirststandrt @elizabethforma: all across the country today, dems are hosting #ourfirststand rallies to #savehealthcare. boston is ready to fight back…"watch bernie live from a rally in warren, michigan #ourfirststand real change doesn't come from the top down. real change comes from thousands of people demanding it. #ourfirststandthere are many important fights ahead of us. today is #ourfirststand: save health care.rt @edmarkey: today at pm at historic faneuil hall in #boston, join #ourfirststand rally w/@elizabethforma @martyforboston to defend #aca…today we take #ourfirststand to loudly and clearly defend health care. find a rally near you: when millions of people stand together we win. take a stand today to protect health care for all. rt @nationalnurses: join nurses &amp; other activists in protecting healthcare for all! find a rally near you:  #ourfirs…rt @teampelosi: are you ready to make #ourfirststand? join us in san francisco tomorrow: how can republicans end the affordable care act without having a replacement? we must not allow that to happen. rt @pramilajayapal: i'm standing up  healthcare tomorrow (sunday) noon at westlake in #seattle.time to say no to gop's immoral plan to rep….@senatedems unanimously opposed republicans' plan to take away health care. tomorrow, all of us must stand united. rt @kamalaharris: no family should have to choose between life-saving medication or putting food on the table. we must address the cost of…in the middle of the night republicans took step  toward taking health care from  million people. fight back! literally, there are thousands of people who die every single year because they cannot afford the medicine they need. that’s outrageous.take a stand jan.  to save health care from republican attempts to throw  million people off health insurance. we must never forget. health care is a human right. all people are entitled to coverage.we will not allow republicans to punish the elderly, children, the sick and the poor, while they reward their billionaire friends.rt @cnni: bernie sanders: we need to focus less on polls and more on the very serious problems facing the american people. on january , join a day of action to stand up to donald trump and republicans in congress and save health care. rt @cnn: tonight: @berniesanders sits down with @chriscuomo for #sanderstownhall. pm et  we should be working to make health care a right not debating whether to take health care away from americans. tell @gop: you aren't going to take away our health care while you reward your billionaire friends. #ourfirststand rt @cnnpolitics: cnn will host a town hall with bernie sanders tomorrow at  p.m. et  there is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom  million americans.while we attack grotesque levels of income inequality in this country, we must simultaneously address the structural racism so many endure.when folks stand together against a rigged system, they can forge a politics that can transform a city, a nation, and maybe the world.we cannot stay silent and watch the gop dismantle the health care system and jeopardize the economic security of millions of americans.some politicians still refuse to recognize the reality of climate change. it's . that's a disgrace.it's simple, really: politicians should be working for their constituents' votes, not lobbyists' money. that's not radical. it's democracy.are we comfortable as a nation to see a huge increase in millionaires and billionaires but have more people living in poverty than ever?after all the progress we've made on women’s rights, we can't go back to the days when women didn't have the right to control their bodies.the right wing in this country is waging a war against women, but let me be very clear: this is not a war we are going to allow them to win.new tax breaks for the rich and big corporations may be popular in country clubs, but it's way out of touch with what most americans want.we must join every other major country &amp; guarantee health care for all, not throw millions of women off excellent health care. #standwithpprt @tammybaldwin: rex tillerson's egregious payout deal is nothing more than a golden parachute that flies in the face of @realdonaldtrump'…rt @meetthepress: tonight on #mtpdaily: sen. bernie sanders joins chuck todd. rt if you'll be watching @msnbc! we should not be debating whether to take health care away from  million people. we should be working to make health care a right for all..@senategop how do you go forward giving a death penalty to thousands of people by taking their health care away without any solution?you don’t throw  millions people off health care without having a plan to provide health care to those people.we can't stay silent and watch republicans dismantle our health care system and jeopardize the economic security of millions of americans."rt @maddowblog: ...followed immediately by an interview with senator bernie sanders.#heavyhitterdoubleheader#maddow our message to mr. trump is simple: we are not going backwards. you will not divide us up by race, nationality, gender or sexual orientationin the year , we should be encouraging our people to get the best education they can, not punishing them with a mountain of debt.if we are serious about having the best-educated workforce in the world, we have got to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.it is unconscionable that millions of people in the world’s richest country are one diagnosis or car accident away from financial disaster.we will lose our fights for justice when we are divided or apathetic, and the fights coming this year are far too important to risk that.rt @maddow: back on the air tonight after a little holiday break -- big live interview tonight with senator @berniesanders pm et, msnbccongress has got to protect and expand the health care needs of working families, not cut them.stopping the republican assault on the working class will require the active participation of millions of americans in every community.the struggle for our rights is not a one-time event. it must be fought by every generation.we won’t let republicans punish the elderly, children, sick and poor while they reward their billionaire friends. we've seen the surefire route to success in politics has been to manipulate people's fear and ignorance. we can and will change that.we are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. i don't think that is the nation we should be living in.working people are angry and they have a right to be angry. this economy isn’t for them—it’s for the extremely wealthy.republicans are not going to get away with punishing the poor while rewarding their billionaire friends.when we fight we’re fighting for the future—the future of the planet in terms of climate change, and for the future of american democracy.happy new year! never forget greed is powerful but our vision of a world based on economic, social &amp; environmental justice is more powerful.fossil fuel companies are willing to destroy the planet for short-term profits. that is just incomprehensible. incomprehensible.the pharmaceutical industry is the most profitable industry in the country. that should not be the case when people’s lives are at stake.republicans claim to represent family values but plan to throw  million people off health insurance. that doesn't seem like family values.cities and towns and states have stepped up and raised the minimum wage to $. it’s about time that congress does the same for all workers.you cannot be a party which takes money from wall street and then tells working families you are on their side. people see through that.the u.s. shouldn’t discourage kids who want to go to college with massive costs. we should be educating as many people as we possibly can.our goal must be to improve the va, not destroy it. we will vigorously oppose any and all efforts to privatize the va.while other nations are guaranteeing health care as a right, we spend more on our military than the next seven nations combined.i wish elected officials would spend less time making it harder for people to vote and more time fighting for the working class.members of congress spend way too much time in pursuit of money and too little time actually debating the issues.here's a radical idea.  let's create an economy that works for the bottom %, not just the people on top.my nightmare is our grandchildren wondering why we did not leave them a planet that is habitable. states and cities raised minimum wages this year. how is that possible? because millions of people stood up to fight.it doesn't make sense to trust billionaires to fight for the working class. the billionaire agenda is not the agenda of the american people.if we claim to be the greatest nation on earth, then we've got to catch up to other major countries and guarantee health care for all.the epa needs a leader who will actually protect the environment, not a climate denier like trump's choice scott pruitt.rt @chicagotribune: bernie sanders, top democrats call for "day of action" to oppose health care cuts under trump  h…we have accomplished too much as a country to see our progress washed away by leaders who are fearful, hateful and misinformed.it really is frightening when you have a party controlling the house, senate and presidency and saying "you know what? we reject science."one of the most revolting aspects of the student loan crisis is that the government makes billions in profits off of student loans.a $ minimum wage was very recently considered too radical. but when people see the justice of an idea, it catches fire very quickly.it's an international embarrassment that we imprison more people than any other country on earth.people should not have to choose between medicine and groceries. and yet the greed of the drug industry makes that happen every day."people who want to limit carbon emissions:✅ majority of democrats✅ majority of republicans❌ trump's choice for epa head"our priority now is to transform our energy system to renewables, not empower fossil fuel ceos like mr. trump is doing.people are frustrated because in the last few decades, the wealthy have seen their incomes rise immensely while the… trump's cabinet, the wealthiest in history, is worth more than the annual gdp of  countries. so much for draining the swamp...mr. trump and his friends should know there are millions of people who will not stand for their greed at the expense of the working class.while tens of millions of children around the world go hungry and uneducated, a handful of billionaires divide up the riches of the planet.democrats must start playing ball in states that we have conceded decades ago, where people are now being left out of the political process.the women of this country have the right to control their own bodies, not politicians.for decades, republicans and democrats have understood that the goal must be to reduce the number of nuclear weapons, not expand them.we must stand with our brothers and sisters in nc who despite the gop power grab are bravely fighting for economic, racial &amp; social justice.my parents' dream was that if they worked hard as parents, they'd see their kids go to college. we must keep that promise to every family.it's a miracle a nuclear weapon hasn't been used in war since . congress can't allow the tweeter in chief to st… are we comfortable to see a huge increase in millionaires and billionaires but have more people living in poverty than ever? i know i'm not.the ruling class likes to believe this country belongs to them. there are millions of us who would say otherwise.we must stop the movement toward oligarchy and fight for an economy which works for all, not just the %. if we want to get tough on crime, let us deal with the causes of crime instead of using taxpayer money to incarcerate millions of people.if mr. trump tries to pursue discriminatory policies, he should remember that a majority of voters did not support him and his bigotry.we are rapidly moving toward a nation of the super-rich, by the super-rich and for the super-rich.believing in climate change is not optional at this point. neither is taking action to save the planet.garnishing social security benefits to pay off student debt is a clear example of why we need fundamental changes in our national prioritiesit is beyond absurd that so many bright young people are unable to attend college because of the cost.we are moving toward an oligarchic form of society, and it will take all of us to fight against it.clinton received almost  million more votes, but trump will be the next president. it's clear the electoral college needs to be changed.lowering prices on prescription drugs—that is, making sure that people can afford to live—should not be a partisan issue.every person in this country deserves a decent opportunity and a decent standard of living. until that happens we will not truly be free.it would be nice to put off worrying about climate change for a few decades. but the truth is we have no choice but to act now.we are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. i don't think that is the nation we should be living in.the wealthy have seen their incomes rise immensely in the last  years. it is not class warfare to say they don't need another tax break.money and wealth should serve the people. the people should not have to serve money and wealth.there is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom  million americans.cuts to life and death programs like medicare and massive tax breaks for the wealthy—that's not what america is supposed to be about.even though the same proportion of blacks and whites use marijuana, a black person is almost x more likely to be arrested for possession.walmart costs taxpayers $. billion every year in public assistance programs by not paying their workers a living wage. that is insane.congress must begin listening to the majority of americans who do not want cuts to medicaid and medicare.our job is to grow the union movement so that anyone working  hours a week, whether it’s in a factory or a hotel, doesn't live in poverty.a small subsection of the one percent are hell-bent on doing everything in their power to block action against climate change.young people in this country should be in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells.there is hatred being generated against immigrants in this country. we've got to stand together and reject that hate.rt @nowthisnews: watch @berniesanders change a trump supporter's mind in  seconds rt @latenightseth: our pal @berniesanders returns to #lnsm tonight! don’t miss it! rt @latenightseth: tonight! senator @berniesanders, @zoeydeutch and comedian @danlevy! not only is rex tillerson a pal of russia's authoritarian leader, but he is the head of one of the largest oil comp… real change in this country is not going to come from capitol hill. it`s going to come from grassroots america.as a result of bad trade agreements like nafta, we have lost over  million decent paying manufacturing jobs.rt @msnbc: tonight: tune in to @msnbc tonight at pm et for "all in america - @berniesanders in trump country" moderated by @chrislhayes ht…this is the wealthiest country in the history of the world. our job: abolish poverty, not let , people die every year because of it.men in the wealthiest counties in this country live  years longer than men in the poorest counties.poverty in america is a death sentence. wealthy women live  years longer than lower income women.rt @allinwithchris: tonight: @chrislhayes hosts a town hall in wisconsin with @berniesanders. tune in to @msnbc at pm et #inners if current trends continue, one in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison. this is an outrage.we must end the "war on drugs," which has destroyed lives and disproportionately impacted people of color.instead of frightening  million undocumented people with deportation, we need comprehensive immigration reform and a path to citizenship.we must end private prisons and detention centers in the u.s. the time is long overdue for real criminal justice reform.rt @facethenation: this morning: sen. @berniesanders discusses the issues on which democrats will cooperate, and the issues on which they w…cities and towns and states have raised the minimum wage to $. it’s time that congress steps up to give all people a living wage.rt @facethenation: sunday: @berniesanders on whether the democrats can play ball with trump on some issues while fighting on others i don’t know how many times i have to say it, but i’ll keep saying it until it happens: all people should have a right to health care.maybe, just maybe, we want to pass legislation to make the wealthy start paying their fair share in taxes before we start slashing medicare.does @realdonaldtrump have the guts to stand up to house republicans who want to slash social security?millions of seniors, disabled vets and people with disabilities can't get by on $, or less. we must expand social security, not cut it.donald trump is a pathological liar.  we need the help of the american people to build a movement of millions who are following reality.everyone who voted for trump, who thought he'd defend working people, pay attention to the reality of what he's doing not just his rhetoric.rt @actdottv: workers and their allies like @berniesanders &amp; @keithellison have a lot to say about trump &amp; labor. #goodjobsdefender mr. trump should not be attacking strong and effective union leaders like chuck jones. rt @richardtrumka: the executive council of the .m member @aflcio has voted overwhelmingly to endorse @keithellison to lead @thedemocrats.@realdonaldtrump rather than attacking effective union leaders like chuck jones, why don't you work with them to c… rt @thehill: sanders campaign manager: don't buy the bernie blame game  trump's choice to lead epa doesn't just deny climate change, he's worked with oil &amp; gas companies to make us more dependent on fossil fuels.the fight for $ has proven to the world that when people stand together and fight for… $. isn't good enough. $ isn't good enough. we won't rest until every worker is paid at least $ an hour and can form a union.rt @ssworks: today at am: #handsoffmedicare press conference with @senschumer @nancypelosi @berniesanders &amp; other lawmakers rt @allinwithchris: special programming note: @chrislhayes hosts a town hall with @berniesanders in kenosha, wisconsin on monday! #inners h…the top  pharmaceutical executives received over $ million last year, while  in  americans can't afford to fill their prescriptions.hundreds of thousands of seniors are forced to cut their pills in half because the medicine they need is too expensive.trump’s reactionary agenda won't be defeated in congress. it will be defeated when millions of americans come together to oppose xenophobia.our job now is to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels, not to produce more greenhouse gas emissions.in the year , we should not continue to trample on native american sovereignty or become more dependent on fossil fuel.i appreciate @potus listening to the native americans and millions of others who believe the dakota access pipeline shouldn't be built.trump attacked wall street on the campaign. now he nominates a former goldman sachs executive to be treasury secretary. what hypocrisy!america remains the only major country not to guarantee health care for all. the republican response: throw millions off health insurance.trump's focus should not be a few people who might burn the american flag. it should be on working families and combatting climate change.rt @guardiannews: bernie sanders challenges trump over jobs boast: 'what are you going to do?' if trump is serious about helping the middle class, we’ll work with him. so far, it’s clear he doesn’t give a damn about working families.donald trump wants to treat corporate greed with kid gloves. if he won’t stand up for america’s working class, we must.rt @allinwithchris: .@berniesanders on carrier deal: "what trump is doing is setting a very dangerous precedent" #inners rt @allinwithchris: .@berniesanders joins @chrislhayes tonight. tune in at pm et #inners carrier gets millions in tax breaks. indiana loses thousands of jobs. united technologies took trump hostage and won.united technologies took @realdonaldtrump hostage and won. if trump won’t stand up for the working class, we must. "🔼 banks' record-breaking profits 🔽 household income since  our fight: create an economy that works for all, not just the %."with steve mnunchin, donald trump is catering to the same wall street executives that have hurt working families time and again.what a rigged economy looks like: the top  hedge fund managers made more in  than the combined salaries of ev… rt @mtaibbi: .@realdonaldtrump tell the american people you were lying or appoint an hhs secretary who will protect social secur… i stand with the workers across the country who are demanding $ an hour and a union. keep fighting, sisters and brothers. #fightforfor many republicans leaders, "democracy" means billionaires buying elections and poor and working people being disenfranchised.republicans want billionaires to be able to contribute directly to the candidate and make the candidate an employee of wealthy contributors.the republicans will likely move aggressively to expand their current voter suppression efforts. we must make it ea… we need an infrastructure plan that creates millions of jobs and makes corporations pay their fair share, not another corporate giveaway.we've got to end the absurdity of seeing profitable factories, where workers are productive, moving to mexico and p… rt @cnnsotu: .@berniesanders: @keithellison is 'the candidate we need' for dnc #cnnsotu at a time of massive inequality, when the rich get richer and most other people get poorer, we're going to stand with working families.rt @abc: bernie sanders: we must "revitalize the democratic party...there is no reason why we cannot win in states all over this country” #…rt @thisweekabc: .@berniesanders weighs in on what's next for the democratic party, this morning on #thisweek. rt @cnnsotu: tomorrow on #cnnsotu: @berniesanders joins @danabashcnn to discuss the future of the democratic party. we need to send a very loud and very clear message to corporate america: the era of outsourcing is over.united technologies made $ billion in profits last year but want to outsource , american union jobs to mexico. not acceptable.we have to bring people together around the progressive agenda and make government work for all of us and not the %.our party is not about having fancy fundraisers, it’s about going into union halls, veterans’ halls, farm communities, the inner cities.the democratic party has got to say we are on the side of the %.we owe native americans so much. it's time for a new approach to the native american people, not to run a pipeline… there is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom… no employer should be allowed to deny overtime pay to americans, by labeling workers earning as little as $,-a-year as "supervisors."there can be no compromise on the issue of climate change, which is a threat to the entire planet. we are not going to give up. we are going to fight back and mobilize.there is no working with a president who will bring forth programs based on bigotry, racism, sexism, homophobia, or xenophobia.i think politicians and the media often underestimate the intelligence of americans and their desire to learn about what's going on.rt @nowthisnews: a nowthis exclusive: @berniesanders on the fight against the dapl and the environmental movement going forward campaigns should not be about candidates; they should be about the needs of the people.rt @keithellison: i used to have the lowest turnout in the state. now i have the highest. rt @markruffalo: fellow #nodapl protestors should not be treated with violence. tell the nd governor! -- @fusion we say to president obama, in any and every way that you can, stop the dakota access pipeline and keep the water protectors safe. #nodaplrt @kamalaharris: let’s make this a more perfect union by reversing citizens united because we know citizens united really means citizens d…democracy is not a spectator sport. don't look around and say, "why isn't he doing it, why isn't she doing it?" get involved yourself.progress takes place when young people pick up the torch and say, "this is a world we are going to change." rt @politico: how @berniesanders helped make burlington one of the most energy self-sufficient cities in the united states we are motivated by love unlike some who are motivated by hatred."rt @standwithraul: elections have consequences. read why we must realign the democratic party: people have got to know that the democratic party has the guts to stand up to powerful people whose greed is destroying the middle class.rt @cnn: bernie sanders: "a president of the united states should not have a racist at his side"  there’s incredible energy among young people in america. if we have a progressive agenda that thinks big not small, we can tap into that.when trump is racist, sexist, homophobic and islamophobic, we’re going to vigorously oppose him.rt @billmckibben:  great heroes: eryn wise, @berniesanders and ladonna allard discussing standing rock in dc. strength and solidarity donald trump's appointment of a racist individual like steve bannon is totally unacceptable. it must be rescinded.we must focus on grassroots america. the leadership will do what the american people want it to do when the american people stand up.i will be damned if we’re going to go backwards and try to divide up this country again.rt @wapocat: @berniesanders: @realdonaldtrump already breaking campaign promise to '#draintheswamp'  #feelthebernrt @colbertlateshow: .@berniesanders gives us the good news and the very bad news and tries to make sense of what we do now we have got to rally millions of people to stand together, to say, "we are not going to deport millions of latinos from this country."rt @keithellison: here's where i want to take the democratic party. , people agree: @keithellison should be the next dnc chair. we must become a grassroots party which stands wi… the democratic party can no longer be led by the liberal elite. we have to stand up to wall street and the greed of corporate america.rt @thisweekabc: .@berniesanders: trump's appointment of steve bannon to white house position "should get us very nervous" the democratic party has to stand with working people, feel their pain and take on the billionaire class, wall street and drug companies.i come from the white working class, and i am deeply humiliated that the democratic party cannot talk to the people where i came from.rt @cbseveningnews: bernie sanders "deeply humiliated" democrats can't talk to working class:  mr. trump, you talked about being the champion of working families. now produce. but we won't accept racism, sexism or xenophobia.we need a movement which transforms this country and brings people together around an agenda that works for the mid… democrats have focused too much on raising incredible sums of money from wealthy people, and have largely ignored working families.the democratic party has got to say to working people, we are on your side. we are going to take on wall street. we won't take their money.rt @zachdcarter: harry reid endorses keith ellison for dnc chair: rt @facethenation: is donald trump your president? @berniesanders responds rt @facethenation: this morning: @berniesanders, author of our revolution, joins to discuss his vision for the future of the democratic par…we have come too far as a country in combating discrimination. we are not going back. rt @nytopinion: having lost the popular vote, donald trump would do well to heed the views of progressives, writes bernie sanders. we'll send a powerful message if we get more than , signatures supporting @keithellison as the next dnc chair. the democratic party needs to look in the mirror and work tirelessly to become once again the party that working people know works for them.i don't think the political establishment and the billionaires would like @keithellison as the dnc chair. great. you can't be a party which on one hand says we're in favor of working people but we don't have the courage to take on wall street.rt @facethenation: sunday: we'll talk to @berniesanders on what the democratic party missed - and where it goes from here people want a democratic party to stand up to wall street. that is the kind of party @keithellison will lead. , agree that @keithellison should be dnc chair. sounds like people want a political revolution at the dnc. let's send a message to the dnc that we need a strong progressive leader in charge. join me &amp; support @keithellison. it would be unacceptable for trump to turn people's anger against the poor, people of color &amp; muslims. that's demagoguery of the worst kind..@keithellison understands that the future of the democratic party has got to be grassroots activism. i don't think the political establishment and the billionaire class would like @keithellison as the dnc chair. good. the next dnc chair must understand the dire need to listen to working families. keith ellison is that person. congratulations @patrickleahy! you are a true champion of family farmers, civil liberties and our environment. rt @katiemcgintypa: haven’t made it to the polls yet? there’s still time!! get in line before pm to make your voice heard! rt @zephyrteachout: voting is power and privilege, a right and a responsibility. we are down to the wire in a razor-close race. your vote m…tough times require bold leadership. that’s why i voted @suemintervt for governor. #electionday rt @deborahrossnc: when the first lady tells you to vote — you do it. —&gt;  enough with cowardly politicians protecting themselves by suppressing the vote. i can't fill in for every worker today. election day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the opportun… when we talk about continuing the political revolution, we are talking about voting for @pramilajayapal.… i hope today we defeat donald trump and we defeat him badly.  rt @maggie_hassan: what better way to use your lunch break than to go and vote?  #nhsen #nhpolitics today is an election of enormous consequence. i hope everybody gets out to vote. #electionday it's not too late to register to vote in many states. there's no excuse!  rt @russfeingold: today is #electionday, and russ has one final message for wisconsinites: let's get the job done! #russwi #wisen rt @wonkblog: bernie sanders thinks this state ballot measure to rein in drug prices could ‘spark a national movement’ .@zephyrteachout has thousands of contributions at $ a piece. billionaires fund her opponent. i know which side i… #imvotingbecause hillary clinton will nominate justices who will overturn citizens united and take back our democracy from billionaires.#imvotingbecause we need a president who will bring our nation together, not someone who will divide us by race or religion.#imvotingbecause it's time to tell donald trump, the billionaire class and huge corporations that they are going to pay their fair share.#imvotingbecause the future of the planet is at stake. hillary clinton will combat climate change. donald trump thinks it's a hoax.#imvotingbecause we cannot allow donald trump, who has made bigotry the cornerstone of his campaign, to divide us up.rt @zephyrteachout: there are real differences between me and my opponent. if you're voting in #ny, please share them: the american people are tired of not being able to afford the medicine they need while the drug industry makes huge profits. #yesonrt @vnewsuv: editorial: @suemintervt for governor:  #uppervalley #vtrt @nowthisnews: .@berniesanders has an important message for young progressives who still aren't sure who to vote for rt @katiemcgintypa: katie will fight for equal pay, because when women get ahead, families get ahead. vote equality tomorrow: "the concept of global warming was created by and for the chinese in order to make u.s. manufacturing non-competiti… we’re going to demand that  donald trump and his billionaire friends, corporate america and wall street start paying their fair share.the american people are sick and tired of paying the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. #yeson rt @hillaryclinton: "tomorrow is the election, but that is just the beginning." —hillary  diversity makes us strong and we should be proud of that. @hillaryclinton understands that. donald trump clearly does not.rt @suemintervt: on the climate change, education &amp; standing up for middle class families, @berniesanders explains why we need @suemintervt…young people can change the world by exercising their democratic rights: vote and stand up for social, economic and environmental justice.don't just go vote. drag your friends out to vote. the future of the planet is at stake. rt @catherinefornv: thanks to @berniesanders for coming to las vegas today to remind nevada that every vote matters. let's turn nv blue on…donald trump is proud of his assaults on women and makes fun of people with disabilities. that is not someone who should be president.rt @catherinefornv: excited to join @berniesanders at @csncoyote today at pm to remind las vegans to vote on tuesday! come join us: this election really is not about the next four years, it is about the rest of your lives. not only do we have to defeat donald trump, i say @baztaarpaio!los angeles! join bernie at the palladium tonight to stand up to big pharma. the stakes are enormously high. literally, in terms of climate change, the future of the planet is at stake. rt @foxphoenix: watch live: bernie sanders campaigns for hillary clinton in phoenix, az at central high school  ht…rt @catherinefornv: i believe in science. in  that shouldn't be a novel concept. let's protect our environment.rt @ajplus: “please do not sit it out.” bernie sanders wants you to go vote for hillary. rt @zephyrteachout: in congress i will fight for family farms, local manufacturing, independent businesses... &amp; against big pharma driving…the difference between @morganlcarroll and her opponent is the republicans think citizens united is a good idea. please understand that the koch brothers don't just want to cut medicare and social security. they want to eliminate them.on tuesday, california can send a strong message to the pharmaceutical industry. if you sit this election out and trump wins by a few votes, many people are going to be dealing with that reality for their entire lives.our job now is to see the democratic platform implemented by a democratic senate, democratic house and hillary clin… time and again native americans have seen the government break solemn promises and corporations put profits ahead o… what upsets me so much is we have struggled for so many years to overcome discrimination and trump is running his campaign on bigotry.rt @russfeingold: russ and @berniesanders will fight for a federal jobs program to benefit all americans. #russwi we have to have the guts to tell the fossil fuel industry that their profits are not more important than the future… our job is to reach out to trump voters to tell them that we’re going to create an economy that works for all of us, not just a few.some are, but i think most are people who are hurting, they’re worried about their kids, they’re working longer hours for lower wages.i do not believe that most of the people who are thinking about voting for mr. trump are racist or sexist.republicans want to throw  million americans off health insurance. how many of them will die? republicans don't have an answer.there is one candidate running for president who has pledged to raise the minimum wage to a living wage. that is @hillaryclinton.hillary clinton and i believe our job is to get more people involved in democracy not less. too many people have died fighting for our democracy. we are going to defend that democracy and fight off oligarchy.rt @sacbee_news: opinion: here’s how to send a message to big pharma  one of the major differences between hillary clinton and donald trump is that she will do everything to overturn citizens united.as we speak billionaires are pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into campaigns. we will not allow billionaires to buy our government.rt @russfeingold: .@berniesanders knows russ will fight for the hardworking people of wisconsin, not corporate interests. #russwi donald trump suffers from a very serious disease called amnesia. he seems to have forgotten  years ago we were los… let me tell you something very radical. i think a campaign should be based on issues. rt @vtdems: don’t forget to vote for @davezuckermanvt this election day! #vtpoli i say to republican governors: if you don’t have the guts to participate in an open &amp; fair election get out of politics and get another job.we are not going back to a bigoted society. we’re not going to allow donald trump or anyone else to divide us up.rt @deborahrossnc: this is not the type of senator north carolina needs. #ncsen this election is about who has the experience and vision to help working families. without a doubt that candidate i… rt @carolynyjohnson: bernie sanders wants the feds to investigate these drug companies for possible price collusion how is it that donald trump, a multi-billionaire, doesn’t think we should raise the minimum wage to a living wage?we have come too far as a nation to end discrimination. we aren't voting for a president who wants to bring it back. if you want someone to stand up to billionaires like the koch brothers, then you have to vote for @russfeingold. .@russfeingold and i have worked together for years. i cannot wait, believe me, to see him back by my side in the u… too many people have died fighting for american democracy. don’t let donald trump and his friends intimidate you.tough times require bold leadership. that's why i'm supporting @suemintervt for governor. "rt @russfeingold: hey #teamruss, we need your grassroots support now more than ever!step up, and stand with russ now: rt @zephyrteachout: we have to take on big pharma--they spend so much on lobbying and keeping out competitors, and people bear the burden.rt @nowthisnews: "damn right" — @berniesanders on stopping the #dapl not only is donald trump going to lose on november th, but next year he's going to start paying his fair share of taxes.donald j. trump: the worst candidate for president in the modern history of the united states. the differences between hillary clinton and donald trump are day and night. the stakes are too high to sit this out. it’s not surprising most americans feel there isn't enough coverage of issues. abc, nbc &amp; cbs have devoted  minut… total super pac contributions from donors giving $, or more now tops $ billion. rt @cnn: "damn right!" bernie sanders fired back when a someone in the crowd yelled "stop the dakota pipeline!"  htt…the koch brothers &amp; their network have spent at least $. million to support kelly ayotte because she votes with the kochs % of the time.now is the time to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry.rt @wmur: watch live: @berniesanders campaigns for @hillaryclinton and @governorhassan in plymouth -  #nhpolitics #…people are dying or getting sicker because they can’t afford their insulin, just so eli lilly and novo nordisk can… super pacs have raised $. billion during this campaign cycle – % of which has come from just  billionaire families.rt @hillaryforme: big news: @sensanders is coming back to our great state this tuesday. you don't want to miss this! rsvp here → not paying taxes makes trump just another greedy billionaire who avoids paying his fair share of taxes while childr… defeating trump is not enough. after the election i intend to make certain that we implement democratic platform. election day is an important day, but so is the day after. .@koch_industries our great nation can no longer be hijacked by right-wing billionaires like the koch brothers. rt @hillaryfornh: this time tomorrow, @berniesanders will be speaking in plymouth! come get out the vote with us:  h…we do not need a president whose cornerstone of his campaign is bigotry, is insulting mexicans and latinos, and mus… now is the time for our next president to rally people against wall street and corporate greed and stand up for the declining middle class.there is no rational reason why we remain the only major country not to guarantee health care to all as a right.there is no moral excuse for the top one-tenth of  percent owning as much wealth as the bottom  percent.americans are tired of billionaires like trump and large profitable corporations not paying a nickel in federal income taxes."under @suemintervt vermont would be steered right on many important issues." if this election has taught us anything, it's that the american people are sick and tired of the economic, political and media status quo.when we destroy nature, we are ultimately destroying the human beings of this planet. #nodaplall over this country, native americans have suffered far too much, and for far too long. they deserve a voice. #nodaplover and over the government has broken its promise to respect native american sovereign rights. now it's time for real change. #nodaplas a result of the disastrous citizens united decision billionaires are trying to buy elections for candidates who'll represent the wealthy.rt @suemintervt: for democracy to work we need you to be involved!  @berniesanders #vtpoli #govote a new president can bring people together by leading &amp; appointing an administration that fights for working people. rt @bostonglobe: in @globeopinion, @berniesanders outlines what he'll do after the presidential election:  .@zephyrteachout understands we need to stand up to powerful corporations. i need her in congress with me. the anger and frustration of the american people, all across the political spectrum, is palpable. .@zephyrteachout "would bring a fresh perspective to washington and governance in general." vote nov. ! rt @suemintervt: please join sue &amp; @berniesanders to get out the vote tomorrow at @lyndonvsc ! please rsvp here:  #v…i've got seven grandchildren and four kids. i worry about the future of this planet. i'm not sitting this election… if you don’t have the guts to run for office on your ideas @realdonaldtrump, then you shouldn’t run for office at all.anybody who is suppressing the vote because they know that those people will vote against them is a political cowar… electing @deborahrossnc, a superior candidate, could change the ossified, obstructionist state of senate politics. rt @b_fung: bernie sanders doubles down on pressuring clinton to reject at&amp;t-time warner:  rt @statnews: one state tried to limit oxycontin prescriptions before opioids became a crisis. the drug's maker thwarted the plan no laws prevent drug companies from doubling or tripling prices. so they just do it. we are going to change that. vermont can lead the country in transforming our energy system and combating climate change, but we need to elect @suemintervt first.i agree @maggie_hassan. the choice in new hampshire could not be clearer. the soaring cost of medicine is a major health crisis nationwide. mylan hiked the price of epipens, a -year-old m… .@speakerryan with your help we raised more than $. million and received , contributions to take back congr… when we flip the senate we’re going to make public colleges and universities tuition free. #thankspaul paul ryan had no small dollar donors to his campaign in  months, but thanks to @speakerryan we raised $. million in  days. #thankspaul#thankspaul #mondaymotivation #thankspaul for helping to continue the political revolution. we can flip the house and senate and, better yet, we can do it with small donors. #thankspaul i heard what @speakerryan said: if the gop loses the senate, i'll be the budget chairman. sounds good to me.… nice majority you got there @speakerryan. be a shame if someone flipped it. #thankspaul .@speakerryan is more afraid of bernie sanders becoming budget committee chairman than he is of donald trump.… "make paul ryan’s nightmare come true:✅ elect democrats to the senate ✅ make bernie a chairman ✅ enact a progressive agenda. #thankspaul"you know what happens when we take back the senate, @speakerryan? we continue the political revolution. #thankspaulwe don’t need millionaires and billionaires to flip the senate. we just need you. #thankspaul paul ryan said he’s worried about ​me becoming budget committee chair. what happened next? $. million raised for… let's thank @speakerryan for helping us raise $. million to continue the political revolution. #thankspaul paul ryan said if republicans lose the senate, a guy named bernie sanders becomes budget committee chair. sounds like a plan! #thankspaulthe administration should kill the time warner-at&amp;t merger. this deal would mean higher prices and fewer choices for the american people.rt @suemintervt: something is profoundly wrong when people in bennington are working  or  jobs just to meet their basic needs @berniesand…rt @suemintervt: we need a governor who is going to take a hard look at the issues we are facing. please join me in supporting sue minter.…rt @suemintervt: vermonters will show that billionaires cannot buy elections -@berniesanders #vtpoli i have  beautiful grandchildren and  kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president. rt @vtdems: don't forget - @berniesanders &amp; @suemintervt will be in montpelier tonight! doors open @ details here --&gt; no laws prevent drug companies from doubling or tripling prices. so they just do it. look at epipens. mylan jacked up the price %.katie mcginty, the best choice for the senate in pennsylvania -@nytimes a yes vote on proposition  will send a strong message to big pharma and washington. rt @wpjohnwagner: bernie sanders taps his donor network to raise nearly $ million in two days for house, senate contenders donald trump is the most dangerous candidate to run for president in the modern history of america. period.rt @wonkblog: bernie sanders wants to know why this cancer drug costs nearly $, a year "rt @vtdems: join @berniesanders, @suemintervt, and the vt dem ticket tomorrow in montpelier! click the link to rsvp! #vpolihere's what i think of donald trump:  #debatenightdonald trump is the least qualified person to become president in the history of our country. go vote! #debatenight no major u.s. company has filed for chapter  bankruptcy protection more than trump’s casino empire in the last  years. #debatenightrt @richardtrumka: .@hillaryclinton looked me in the eye and told me she's against #tpp. i've known her for  years and i believe her. #de…where does the steel trump used to construct his hotels come from? not pennsylvania, ohio or wisconsin. it came from china. #debatenighti say to donald trump: instead of giving speeches about trade why don't you lead by example and make your goods in america. #debatenightif trump was really concerned about companies going abroad, maybe he would make his ties in the united states, not china. #debatenightdonald trump’s vision for america: tax breaks for billionaires and large corporations, poverty wages for working families. #debatenight.@hillaryclinton understands we need to provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and keep families together. #debatenightwe simply cannot turn back the clock by electing a president whose anti-immigrant rants have slurred mexicans as "rapists" and "criminals."we must defend the fundamental right of women to control their own bodies, including a woman’s right to have an abortion. #debatenighttrump’s supreme court nominees would oppose a woman’s right to choose, support citizens united and gut the voting rights act. #debatenight"ahead of tonight's final presidential debate, here are some of bernie's best takedowns of donald trump. #debatenightpaul ryan knows that if the gop loses the senate we're going to enact our progressive agenda. let's make it happen. too many young people with a burning desire to get a higher education are unable to do that for one reason: their family lacks the money.if for no other reason that the future of this planet, which is a pretty big reason, you should be voting for hillary clinton.rt @nowthisnews: ‘it’s not my political revolution. it’s your political revolution.’ – @berniesanders  we are going to create a government that works for the middle class and not sheldon adelson, donald trump and the billionaires.rt @catherinefornv: great time w/ @berniesanders! i hope to join him in ussen to make college affordable, economy that works for all, &amp; ove…i heard what @speakerryan said: if the gop loses the senate, i'll be the budget chairman. sounds like a good idea. we cannot elect a man to be president who objectifies women, who brags about assaulting women.in our entire history there hasn’t been a less qualified person to become president from a character or policy perspective than trump.it’s time for congress to stand up to the pharmaceutical industry. we need senators like @deborahrossnc who will fi… rt @moveon: check out the policy commitments that have @berniesanders and @michelleobama boasting about @hillaryclinton. trump has a “brilliant" idea to deport  million undocumented people. @hillaryclinton and i believe we need real immigration reform.rt @davezuckermanvt: join us this friday oct.st in montpelier at pm. #gotv rally with @berniesanders rsvp here: rt @catherinefornv: hope you can join me and @berniesanders at tomorrow’s rally in reno! #nvtogether sign up here: we will not accept a candidate who insults our mexican brothers and sisters, who calls them "rapists" and "criminals.""gary johnson: “any restriction on campaign spending violates the first amendment.”translation: billionaires will be free to buy elections."rt @kob: watch live: bernie sanders speaks at unm  democracy is not a spectator sport. people fought and died, so you can help determine the future of this country. progressive economists agree: @hillaryclinton's economic agenda will reduce inequality, raise wages and create jobs. our health care system is designed to make huge profits for the drug companies and insurance companies. that’s why i support #coloradocare.the health care system isn't designed to keep us healthy, it's designed to make huuuge profits.rt @nowthisnews: .@berniesanders answers the most important question: why should his supporters vote for hillary clinton? (a nowthis exclus…rt @nationalnurses: crowd geared up for #coloradocare rally in boulder! co kids know we need to say #yeson! healthcare is a human right!…rt @catherinefornv: nevada: tomorrow is the last day to register to vote online or in person! check your registration at rt @deborahrossnc: don’t wait until november th to vote for deborah — early vote starts on thursday. you can still register during early v…rt @coloradoan: we're live with folks heading to bernie sanders' rally at csu on fb now:  cc @ncoltrainwe will make public colleges and universities tuition free for all working families in america.we have some bad news for donald. not only is he not going to be president but he is going to start paying his fair share of taxes.#mondaymotivation it is the most common sense idea in the world to say, "you want an education, of course you're going to get that education."our job is to have the highest voter turnout in the world, not one of the lowest.i say to donald trump: instead of giving speeches about trade why don't you lead by example and make your goods in america.it's amazing that a billionaire like trump doesn't have the guts to call for an increase in the starvation minimum wage of $. an hour.change comes about when we understand that  years ago women weren't running for president, they didn't even have the right to vote.rt @nbcnews: watch live: sens. bernie sanders and elizabeth warren campaign together for hillary clinton  we are not going to allow donald trump and other demagogues to divide us up. we will stand together.rt @nowthisnews: paul ryan is more afraid of bernie sanders than he is of donald trump for  years planned parenthood has provided health care to millions of women. we aren't going to defund @ppfa, we… on the basic economic issues – trade, minimum wage, climate change, pay equity – gary johnson's positions are disastrous.the democratic platform is a very progressive document but no president will be able to implement it unless millions of people stand up.there are a lot of smart people in the u.s. congress but they don't have the guts to stand up and fight. @pramilajayapal does!it's not enough to go back to pre-citizens united. we need to have public funding of elections.register to vote --&gt;  join bernie and sen. elizabeth warren in denver at  pm today: i have some news for donald trump and his friends -- you are going to have to pay your fair share of taxes.rt @wpjohnwagner: bernie sanders, elizabeth warren teaming up sunday to pitch clinton to progressives i know this is a radical idea, but we have to inject morality into our political process.rt @pramilajayapal: thanks to our speakers, staff, volunteers, &amp; everyone else who helped to create such an incredible night! #bernieandpra…our job is to tell the pharmaceutical industry that we won't continue to pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.if we beat the drug industry in california we are going to put them on the defensive and lower the cost of medication across this country.high drug prices isn’t just about people dying, it’s about people having to go deeply into debt to get the medication they need.drug companies make huge profits and executives get big compensation package, while americans die because they can't afford their medicationif you want to understand why we pay such high drug prices listen to this: since  the drug industry has spent $ billion on lobbying.while millions of americans cannot afford the medication they need, last year the  major drug corporations made $ billion in profit.rt @realtimers: tonight @ : sen. @berniesanders @anncoulter @rtraister #andrewsullivan and former sen. #bobkerrey join @billmaher live on…california's proposition  is a real blow against the greedy pharmaceutical industry that will reverberate all over america.it's time to stop skyrocketing drug prices. bernie is in la to support prop . watch here: rt @cuboulder: sen. bernie sanders visiting #cuboulder’s farrand field for amendment  event on /. rt @hillaryclinton: "if you vote for someone other than hillary—or if you don't vote at all—then you are helping to elect her opponent." —@…this is . i can understand school boys in the third grade making stupid remarks, not somebody who’s running for president..@suemintervt understands that the key for vermont's economic future is opening up higher education to all vermonters, regardless of income.rt @pramilajayapal: @berniesanders is coming to seattle to headline a get out the vote rally for @pramilajayapal! ticket info: rt @aidshealthcare: so cal! come see the revolutionary @berniesanders speak at the yes on prop  tomorrow in hollywood, ca! @yesonprop h…when you run for president there has got to be at least a threshold of decency.rt @motherjones: bernie sanders just asked president obama to halt the dakota access pipeline "rt @russfeingold: we always knew this would be a close race. and we can’t afford to take anything for granted.stand with russ now: must read: proposition  will help reduce outrageous prescription drug prices if any of the people who voted for me take a hard look at what gary johnson stands for, they will not support him. bright, young people cannot get a college education for one reason—their families cannot afford it. that is going to change.please take a minute to help people struggling in the aftermath of hurricane matthew. while drug companies make huge profits, people are dying because they can't afford their medication. prop  is an… rt @russfeingold: "clinton, feingold &amp; i know the future of our country depends on what happens to our young people.” -@berniesanders rt @thedemocrats: we need to act now to save our planet for future generations. commit to vote for democrats:  donald trump's position on climate change is so ludicrous that it really would be funny if the future of the planet were not at stake.donald trump thinks climate change is a hoax. @hillaryclinton understands we must transition to renewable energy. the choice is clear.we must do everything we can to make certain that hillary clinton is the next president. register to vote: i know that @deborahrossnc would make a fantastic member of the u.s. senate – one who would stand up for working families no matter what.rt @zephyrteachout: good morning! four weeks from today is the election. what you do to volunteer could decide it--it's that close. rt @katiemcgintypa: "katie and i believe we have got to end this disgrace in america where women are making ¢ on the dollar for men." htt…rt @katiemcgintypa: one month out from election day @berniesanders comes to pa to hit the trail with katie. first stop: scranton i have met people in every state who have hope in their eyes and are prepared to come together to transform our cou… rt @hillaryfornh: "we are going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for the middle class of this country." — @berniesande…rt @wmur: watch live: @berniesanders campaigns for @hillaryclinton at keene state college:  #fitn #nhpolitics our strength as a nation is in fact our diversity. we can disagree on the issues but we cannot respect a candidate who runs on bigotry.in america, we should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political pro… happy birthday @joyvbehar! i know turning  isn’t easy but don’t worry things get better as you get older. this campaign isn't a personality contest. we're not voting for high school class president. this is about the survival of the middle class.watch bernie live in bangor, maine: .@realdonaldtrump rather than just talking about bad trade deals, why don't you lead by example and stop making your products in bangladesh.rt @gzornick: .@berniesanders has a plan to fix the trump-friendly tax code rt @hillaryfornh: the stakes have never been higher. join @berniesanders tomorrow at keene state to hear why—doors open at :pm! it is not a radical idea to suggest that anyone in this country who works  to  hours per week should not be living in poverty.the reason that trump's campaign is particularly dangerous and un-american is that he's named the cornerstone of his campaign bigotryi say to cowardly republican governors trying to suppress the vote: if you can’t stand on your ideas, you should get out of politics.as a father and grandfather i worry every day that this country is moving closer and closer to an oligarchic form of society.we've got a message for mr. trump &amp; the billionaires: @hillaryclinton is gonna get elected &amp; they're going to start paying their fair share.billionaires in america – they own the system. why do they have to pay taxes when they can get you to pay taxes?trump, a multi-billionaire, does not pay a nickel in federal income taxes. and he's proud of that! he thinks he can stiff the middle class.rt @policymic: watch live: @berniesanders stumps for @hillaryclinton at the university of michigan donald trump hurls insults at women that i can't even repeat. @janeosanders would kill me.we are not going to let donald trump and right-wing republicans destroy the american labor movement."rt @theyoungturks: .@berniesanders live at a uaw chapter in michigan rt @hillaryclinton: "on every issue, hillary clinton is the superior candidate. hands down." —@berniesanders:  rt @russfeingold: .@berniesanders is on #teamruss, and it was such an honor to have him on the campaign trail with us today in madison! htt….@realdonaldtrump we will not sit back and allow women to be called slobs.the days of racism, sexism, homophobia, i want to see those days behind us. i don't want to see a president who will continue that ugliness.i cannot wait to have @russfeingold back by my side in the united states senate.watch bernie live in madison with @russfeingold: .@hillaryclinton holds the radical view we should listen to scientists. compared to republicans today that's sadly a pretty radical idea."rt @russfeingold: russ and @berniesanders are looking forward to a fired up crowd today in madison!see you soon! last year, the  largest drug companies made $ billion in profit. meanwhile,  in  americans can't afford to fill their prescriptions.donald trump has a “brilliant” idea. throw  million americans off health insurance. how many of those people do you think will die?rt @iowademocrats: "you should not have to leave school  or , dollars in debt." @berniesanders on the plan he has worked on w/@hill…how many scientists, engineers and teachers aren't getting an education because their families lack the income to pay for college?in america, finally, we will make public colleges and universities tuition free for the middle class. that is a big deal.donald trump thinks that only the middle class and working families should pay their fair share in taxes. well, i disagree.bernie is live in des moines now. watch here: i don't want to live in a country where seniors are trying to live on $, a year, where we have veterans sleeping out on the streets.rt @tammybaldwin: @berniesanders will be in green bay today. rsvp here: real change never takes place from the top down. it always comes from the bottom on up.i believe americans who care about our country, our kids and our veterans understand that we must pay our taxes – even the billionaires.day after day donald trump insults women and veterans and mexicans. we need a president that brings us together not divides us up.rt @readbrooks: sanders: "look at which candidate is going to stand up for working families, and which candidate is going to stand up for t…our job is to defeat, and defeat badly, the worst candidate for president in the modern history of the united state… you cannot have sane public policy if you reject science which is precisely what donald trump and other republicans are doing.our job is to elect @hillaryclinton and to understand that on the day after we are not finished. we must continue the movement.i find it incomprehensible that trump talks about trade at the same time that he makes his products in low-wage countries around the world.if you look at which candidate has the ideas to protect working families, the answer is clear: @hillaryclintonit is insane for millions of our young people to leave school with thousands of dollars in debt and to be paying it for years.we've got children sleeping on the street. the walton family of walmart does not need a $ billion tax break.let me congratulate minnesota for sending @keithellison to the united states congress. he’s a leader on issue after issue.hillary understands climate change is real and creating devastating problems. trump believes we should expand fossil fuel production.rt @startribune: livestream: bernie sanders campaigns for clinton in minnesota at  p.m.  rt @debdingell: sen. bernie sanders is coming to mi! join us at dearborn,  and ann arbor, "rt @russfeingold: join russ and @berniesanders for an exciting event in madison tomorrow! rsvp here:  mr. trump has made millions in profits, while u.s. steelworkers in the midwest are being thrown out on the street. trump has been called “a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot.” that’s not me talking. that’s republican sen. lindsey graham.we cannot turn back the clock by electing a president whose birther conspiracy was a racist attack on our first african-american president.the job of the next president is to bring us together, not divide us up. sadly, trump has made bigotry the cornerstone of his campaign.four reasons to say “no” to donald trump how can trump, with a straight face, object to outsourcing while his own company exploits workers around the world to make his products?trump talks a lot about our trade policies and outsourcing american jobs but his own clothing line is made in bangladesh, mexico and china.it's beyond belief that any serious candidate would support huge tax breaks for the top % while cutting services to working families.rt @hillaryclinton: corporations that benefit from all that america has to offer should feel a sense of responsibility toward shareholders…at a time of massive income and wealth inequality, we must not elect a president who wants to resurrect failed trickle-down economics.there is no question that @hillaryclinton is, far and away, the superior candidate in this election. rt @yahoonews: bernie sanders: if my supporters 'take a hard look' at what gary johnson stands for, they won't vote for him rt @abcpolitics: .@berniesanders calls trump tax revelation "outrageous." #thisweek "rt @cnnsotu: .@berniesanders tells @jaketapper he is ‘disgusted’ by @realdonaldtrump not paying income taxes this is exactly why people are angry and want real change. middle class families pay their taxes. but billionaires like mr. trump don't have to thanks to their friends in congress.in the year , we can no longer tolerate sexism. trump really doesn’t get it.it's pretty telling that donald trump thinks the problem with his sexist tweets is the time that they were sent. when republicans say it's ok to give billions in tax breaks to the top %, don't tell me we can't afford to make public college available.rt @zephyrteachout: my opponent, john faso, was a lobbyist for payday lenders and pipeline companies. i've fought for people. there's a pre…rt @cnnsotu: sunday on #cnnsotu @berniesanders joins @jaketapper to discuss the  race! you want to know who wishes they hadn’t made a deal? all of the small business owners stiffed by donald trump. "rt @hillaryclinton: barack&amp;michelle&amp;joe&amp;bernie&amp;elizabeth&amp;you? rt @buzzfeednews: .@sensherrodbrown, @berniesanders, @senwarren, @brianschatz &amp; more call for global supercourt to be removed from tpp rt @catherinefornv: @berniesanders is right. students shouldn't have to mortgage away their future to go to college. at @unevadareno today…if you’ve got student debt or you’re about to go to college, you can find out exactly how our plan will help you: the plan @hillaryclinton and i worked on says: if your kid studies hard and does well, regardless of income, your kid can go to college.rt @hillaryclinton: "thank you, @berniesanders. thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign.” —hillarythis election is enormously important for the future of this country. it is imperative that we elect @hillaryclinton as our next president.at a time when we have massive income inequality, it is disgraceful for trump and his friends to talk about tax breaks for the  percent.i want young people to leave school excited about the future, not being saddled with tens of thousands of dollars in student debt.when we talk about public education it is no longer enough to talk about grades -. we must talk about making college tuition free.rt @hillaryclinton: tune in for a live conversation on making college affordable for all with hillary and @berniesanders at @uofnh → watch: bernie and @hillaryclinton discuss how we make college affordable for every american. "rt @zephyrteachout: all hands on deck! the race is tied--please sign up to volunteer here: what trump is trying to do is pretend that he’s some kind of champion of working people. how hypocritical can you be?rt @zephyrteachout: watch this short video about how i met bernie sanders--and how we must stop the tpp! #ny rt @daveweigel: hillary’s up-front promise to raise the min wage was the first debate mention of the min wage — at all — since . it is absurd that republicans would rather shut down the government than ensure families in flint have clean drinking water."if the billionaires on wall street can get billions for the mess they made and get bailed out, we don't need band-… "i'm just scared people are going to forget about us and forget about these children." "i lost twins in july of  due to being poisoned." "it's heartbreaking to see some of my best friends go through this water crisis and not be able to shower or just d… republicans are refusing to help people in flint get clean drinking water. i visited flint last winter. what i heard was devastating.rt @meetthepress: today at pet → @chucktodd talks to @berniesanders, gop strategist steve schmidt and @chriskofinis on @msnbc! #debates #d…we need automatic voter registration, so that students and working people can make their voices heard. #nationalvoterregistrationdaymake no mistake: the billionaire class doesn't want us to vote. stand up to the billionaires &amp; register to vote.  i'm going to do all i can to make sure trump does not become president. that work continues tomorrow in new hampshi… i am going to work as hard as i can to make sure donald trump does not become the next president. register to vote. trump wants more tax breaks for billionaires, won't raise the min. wage &amp; denies climate change. this isn't someone who should be president.millions of young people are leaving school deeply in debt, impacting their future. does trump have anything to say about that? #debatenightnbc has documented at least  times trump has switched positions on immigration to guns to abortion since he announced he was running.the difficulty of discussions with donald trump is that he lies all the time. that's not my view. that's the view of media that covers him.speaking of generals, four-star general colin powell referred to trump as “a national disgrace” and an “international pariah.” #debatenightthis is crazy. after trying to delegitimize obama's presidency now trump says he did the country a favor. #debatenighthow dare trump express concerns about african americans when his birther efforts attempted to delegitimize @potus. what a hypocrite!.@hillaryclinton is right: private prisons are a disgrace. corporations should not make profits off the imprisonment of fellow americans.i don't often agree with @mittromney but he's right: trump is a "fraud" and a "phony." #debatewithbernieabsolutely disgraceful! #debatesone of the great disgraces of trump's behavior has been his leadersip in the "birther movement" - a racist effort. #debatewithberniethe us has more people in jail than any country. . million people. this is a disgrace. we need real criminal justice reform. #debatesoh yeah, trump will stand up for working people.  of his  top economic aids are wall street bankers. just what the country needs more of.many of these lawsuits were filed by working class americans who worked for trump and never got paid.i don't know if it's a world record but donald trump has been sued more than , times over the past  years. #debatewithbernietrump's proposals wouldn't just give huge tax breaks to billionaires they'd cut pell grants to make college affordable by $ billion.the walton family of walmart would get a $ billion tax break if the estate tax is repealed, which is what trump wants. #debatewithbernietrump’s tax plan includes eliminating the estate tax which provides a $ billion tax break to the top .% &amp; $ billion to his own family.here is trump's tax proposal: $ trillion in tax cuts to millionaires. exactly the wrong policy at exactly the wrong time. #debatesdonald trump thinks climate change is a hoax created by the chinese. unbelievable. #debatewithbernie if trump is concerned about companies going abroad maybe he should move his plants out of bangladesh where workers are paid  cents an hourglad trump is concerned about manufacturing jobs going abroad. he might want to start making his clothing in the us not low-wage countries.i hope trump tells us what happens to the  million he would throw off health insurance. how many will die or become much sicker? #debatesi hope trump tells us tonight why despite all the scientific evidence he thinks climate change is a "hoax.” #debatewithberniei hope trump tells us tonight why, amidst huge inequality, he thinks we should give huge tax breaks to billionaires. #debatewithbernieit's #debatenight so it's time to #debatewithbernie. what we have to do is focus on the issues, not see tonight as an entertainment show. #debatetonightyounger people, more than any other generation, are sick and tired of discrimination and racism.donald trump wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top %. @hillaryclinton knows the wealthiest mu… on the issue of climate change @hillaryclinton has a strong plan to transform our energy system. donald trump? he t… given the crises we face - income inequality, climate change, student debt - this moment in history is not the time for a protest vote.register to vote: donald trump is a pathological liar. democracy is not about cowardly republican governors trying to suppress the vote. but all over this country that is what we are seeing.today's aristocracy is an american billionaire class that has unprecedented economic and political influence over our lives.a donald trump presidency would be an absolute disaster for the working people of this country. register to vote: rt @jimtankersley: hillary clinton has a new plan to raise estate taxes for billion---- wait! is that bernie sanders' music?? .@realdonaldtrump's plan to eliminate the estate tax wouldn't help working families. it's a $ billion tax break for his own family.a progressive estate tax on the wealthiest .% of americans is the fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and invest in working families..@hillaryclinton understands we need a tax system which asks billionaires to pay their fair share &amp; reduces the obscene level of inequality..@realdonaldtrump’s solution to massive inequality is to provide a tax break worth $ billion to the top .% by ending the estate tax.in america today we have a grotesque level of wealth &amp; income inequality in which the top .% owns almost as much wealth as the bottom %.rt @markruffalo: amount of fossil fuels we can extract and still beat climate change? zero, zip, nada recalculating the climate math  rt @nytimes: hillary clinton: my plan for helping america's poor  via @nytopinion what would a donald trump presidency mean for the people of this country? i think it would be an absolute disaster, beyond a disaster.one thing i am proud of is that there's a lot more support for the concept of democratic socialism today than there was before the campaign.rt @thenation: bernie sanders: the ‘nation’ interview "rt @pramilajayapal: rt if you look forward to seeing these two standing together in congress!@pramilajayapal &amp; @zephyrteachout #notmeus ht…"when @hillaryclinton says she’s going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, you know what? that's a very big deal."in large part because of all of you, i am convinced that america's best days are ahead of us." –@hillaryclinton whether we boldly address the crisis of climate change or make a bad situation worse, depends on the outcome of this election.when we stand together - as white, black and hispanic, gay and straight, women and men - we trump hate. it is crazy that we have veterans sleeping out on the streets, who risked their lives to defend us.rt @abcpolitics: .@berniesanders criticizes trump's "birther" statements: "a man who does things like that must not become president" you don't run a campaign, as donald trump has done, based on bigotry - trying to divide us up, scapegoating muslims, mexicans and others.i have  beautiful grandchildren and  kids. i do not want donald trump to be their president. . percent of americans own  percent of the wealth. but donald trump wants to give more tax breaks to the top  percent.this is the wealthiest country in the world, yet children have been poisoned by lead in the water because of crumbling infrastructure.i happen to believe, and @hillaryclinton happens to believe, that if you work  hours a week you should not be living in poverty.when your friends say they won't vote, ask how much student debt they have. there's only one candidate who will make college affordable.when we talk about public education it's no longer good enough to talk about st-th grade. we must talk about making college tuition free.in the year , we cannot accept bigotry as the cornerstone of any campaign for president of the united states.donald trump was a leader in the "birther movement," which tried to delegitimize president obama. that is nothing less than racism.rt @nbcnews: watch live: bernie sanders campaigns for hillary clinton in ohio what is donald trump's position on climate change? he thinks it's a hoax perpetrated by the chinese. that is insane.i very rarely quote @mittromney but he hit the nail on the head when he said donald trump is a “fraud” and a “phony.".@katiemcgintypa is going to join me and elizabeth warren and together we are saying to the billionaire class, “you cannot have it all."rt @thedemocrats: "if you look at the issues... @hillaryclinton by far is the superior candidate." -@berniesanders donald trump isn’t going to stand with working people. he's a billionaire who calls for massive tax breaks for the  percent.join me and @katiemcgintypa today at  pm. .@zephyrteachout is a leader at a time when we are in desperate need of bold leaders.we cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the bigoted, xenophobic hysteria the republican party has concocted.private prisons are not cheaper or safer. they are just morally repugnant. katie mcginty was one of the first senate candidates to back a $ minimum wage. i'm pleased to join her on friday. those concerned about the cost of transitioning to renewable energy should truly fear the cost if we fail to do so. our political revolution needs people like zephyr teachout in congress. rsvp here:  this country and this planet cannot afford to elect people who continue to believe that climate change is a hoax. it's time we pursue policies that transform america into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color. our trade deals have been written by corporate ceos to benefit corporate ceos—at the expense of regular citizens. like nafta, the tpp would force u.s workers to compete with folks making pennies an hour. it's a race to the bottom. i applaud the broad coalition that has organized a national day of action to ensure congress #stoptppour free trade agreements have been a disaster. the trans-pacific partnership is more of the same, but even worse. "corporate-backed tradeagreements like tpp have significantly contributed to the race to the bottom and the collapse of our middle class."someone who is working  hours a week should not be struggling to provide food for their family. it's unacceptable that for so long, native americans have been treated as third class citizens. that has to change. we can't make the changes this country needs unless we are prepared to take on wall street and corporate america. we don't need another fracked oil pipeline. now is the time to transition away from fossil fuel. #nodapl we cannot ignore the emotional and physical destruction that occurs when we ignore the needs of children in poverty. i was able to work with secretary clinton on this major step forward in the fight for college affordability. our message to young people must be clear: you will not be punished for growing up poor. if you work hard, you will get to go to college.we need to come together to prevent hatred and create the kind of nation based on love that we all know we can become.we have a debt that we owe the native american people that we can never fully repay. our job is to not allow politicians to divide us up by where our family came from, our skin color, our religion or sexual orientation.it can seem easy to turn our backs on the vulnerable, but i believe what human life is about is everyone has an impact on everyone else.it speaks to the best of who we are as americans that in a moment of crisis, the people of our nation came together. if wall street banks do not end their fraud and their greed, it is up to us to end it for them. as more information comes out about what the tpp would really do, more voters are taking a stand against it. there is a lot we can learn if we begin to listen to our native american brothers and sisters. #nodapl i remember when the same folks who now back tpp told us how many jobs would be created by nafta. they were wrong then and they're wrong now.the government must start listening to native american voices, and stop treating them as third class citizens.time and time again the government has broken its solemn promise to respect native american sovereign rights. now it's time for real change.don't believe anyone who tells you we cannot change the status quo. #nodapl  we stand with our native american brothers and sisters in their fight to protect their sovereign rights. #nodapl it is abhorrent that pro-tpp politicians are taking the side of corporate america over groups that represent workers and the environment.the tpp is not only a threat to our workers and the environment—it also threatens our democracy and rule of law.  let's end the system of private prisons and detention centers, and the era of mass incarceration along with it. thank you all for the birthday wishes. but more than that, thank you for your incredible support over the last year. you all transformed a campaign into an extraordinary and historic movement. and we're not done yet. #readthebern congress cannot continue to ignore reality. the current minimum wage is a starvation wage and we have to raise it.  our native american brothers and sisters &amp; environmental justice advocates have transformed #nodapl into a movement. taking care of veterans is a cost of war. it’s that simple. earthquakes like those in oklahoma are just one of fracking's effects we must fight to keep out of n. dakota #nodapl fights like #nodapl have long-term consequence. it is a fight for the type of planet our children will inhabit. rt @voxdotcom: this simple cartoon shows how us taxpayers help make rich bankers even richer  two-thirds of americans want to eliminate the offshore tax haven loophole. it's time for congress to stand with them, not big corporations.robert reich is right. it's about time congress shut the loopholes corporations use to hide the billions they owe. mylan thinks we should just accept their price gouging and greed as normal. it isn't normal. it's an outrage. rt @zhaabowekwe: today, women warriors lock down to defend our water &amp; the seventh generation. #nodapl #lovewaternotoil most major nations negotiate with drug companies on their citizens' behalf to keep costs down. our government should be able to do the same.the future of prescription costs in america comes down to this: do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are ripping us off?the epidemic of price gouging in the drug industry is obscene. their greed is putting millions of lives at risk. the need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive or conservative issue. it is an american issue. billionaires like the kochs spend millions to elect anti-union officials because they know when unions suffer, all workers' wages go down.unions are my family. standing with workers on picket lines is something i've done my entire life-- that's what i do and what i believe.rt @dannyefreeman: "my dislike for donald trump is not just that he is a pathological liar..." @berniesanders says in nh. rt @maggie_hassan: it’s truly an honor to have a champion for middle class families like @berniesanders supporting maggie #nhpolitics we need a strong union movement to rebuild our middle class. when unions do well, wages rise for everyone. #laborday social security, medicare and workplace safety are just a few of the benefits we now enjoy thanks to the the struggle of unions. #labordayi have stood with unions all of my life and i will continue to do so in fighting the disastrous tpp.we've had enough of "free trade" deals like the tpp that benefit ceos at the expense of workers. if we are serious about getting big money out of politics and restoring our democracy, we must move toward public funding of campaigns.the political revolution is about making sure anyone can run for office and not have to beg the rich for donations. when the vote of the poor and minorities is suppressed, it becomes that much easier for the ruling class to further rig the system.to politicians who pass laws to suppress the vote i say: get another job. considering the planetary crisis we face, it is completely inappropriate to continue giving billions in tax breaks to fossil fuel companies.it is time to stop treating puerto rico like a colony and start treating its people as the u.s. citizens they are. the only honest, cost-effective approach to universal health care is a single-payer approach. history will record that the citizens united decision is one of the worst in the history of our country. our reliance on fossil fuels isn't only disastrous for the environment, but disastrous for our financial well-being. rt @russfeingold: “i’ll work for equal pay for women, and for paid leave so parents can care for a sick family member." rt @zephyrteachout: if trump gets his way, real estate will get even more tax breaks rt @billmckibben:  wa state tribes arrive at standing rock pipeline protest camp, bearing a remarkable totem pole #nodapl we must not allow puerto rico’s budget to be balanced on the backs of the most vulnerable people – working families, children and the poor.disappointing to hear that puerto rico's fiscal control board will include some of the architects of the crisis on the island. #promesart @gunnelswarren: republicans in nc are political cowards. if you don't want people to vote, get out of politics.  get another job. wealth inequality is obscenely high and workers’ wages are obscenely low. we need more unions, not less. this country needs medicare-for-all. it's time for a more progressive health care system. rt @cwaunion: new @huffingtonpost piece on #tpp's secretive super-court system called isds. another reason why we must #stoptpp mylan should be ashamed for gouging the prices of such an important and life-saving drug. we need more unions in this country, not less. rt @pramilajayapal: "i am opposed to the tpp. we need trade deals that put workers &amp; the environment first &amp; that raise standards of worker…while  million kids live in poverty in this country, the rich continue to get richer. the best way to effectively and rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild this nation's infrastructure.rt @maggie_hassan: "@berniesanders is an incredible champion for hard-working families, and i'm truly honored by his support" - mhrt @catherinefornv: .@berniesanders grateful for your support! eager to join forces to get dirty, dark money, like the koch brothers', out…huge corporations can’t be allowed to use loopholes and tax havens to boost their obscene profits even higher. i applaud the eu’s decision.apple's earnings in  were the highest reported of any corporation in history, yet apparently that wasn't enough. .@pramilajayapal is absolutely right. love trumps hatred. i haven't seen a single major wall street executive be prosecuted for causing the near collapse of our entire economy.why is it that kids are jailed for possessing marijuana but nothing happens to wall street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions?study after study shows the same thing: women make less than men for equal work, and women of color make even less. we need rational immigration policies in america that offer a pathway to citizenship. we shouldn't be promoting divisiveness.this type of greed is shameful, and if mylan thinks the american people are going to accept this so-called "compromise," they are mistaken.mylan recently announced a generic version for $. that's still five times as expensive as it was in : a % increase in total.in , when mylan first started selling their epipens, they only cost $. last week, the price was $. the obscene greed of wall street and corporate america is slowly destroying the fabric of this nation. we must stop them.rt @democracynow: "this pipeline is going to bring about ,-per-day tons of carbon into the atmosphere... and that's wrong" they stood together against oppression, injustice and racism in america. we must never lose sight of that vision. our work is far from over. years ago today, martin luther king delivered his famous "i have a dream" speech in front of hundreds of thousands of protesters.the bakken pipeline will transport some of the dirtiest oil in america. we must stop it. heather bresch's willingness to put profits before people is unforgivable and reckless: epipens save lives. rt @tulsigabbard: big banks are a big gamble. no more bailouts – time to break up the big banks and protect hardworking taxpayers.rt @russfeingold: we must keep fighting for thousands who don’t have access to safe drinking water in wi. #nationalwaterqualitymonth politics isn’t a soap opera. we need to focus on the real issues affecting americans all across the country.i welcome majority leader mcconnell's decision to block a vote on the tpp. these billionaires donate piles of cash and then receive tax breaks. that is not a democracy, that is an oligarchy. one of the goals should be demanding pay equity for women workers, and i hope men everywhere will fight for that, too. #womensequalitydaybut the struggle is far from over. we must always build upon our progress, and continue the fight for women’s rights. #womensequalitydaythat milestone is what political revolutions are all about. millions of people standing up and fighting for a fair shake. #womensequalityday years ago today, women fought for the right to vote, and they won. #womensequalitydayif this proposal can win in colorado, i believe it will spread all around the country. it is absurd that america is still the only major country on earth that does not guarantee healthcare as a right to all its people.but the struggle is not over. we all must work together and fight against the dakota access pipeline. #nodapl the standing rock sioux tribe and the people of north dakota have shown the importance of standing together against injustice. #nodaplthis is a promising sign. we must do all that we can to shift away from our dependency on fossil fuels. we all owe the @natlparkservice a great deal of gratitude for the work they do in preserving america’s park system. #npsjane kim is a proven progressive leader, and california would be fortunate to have her elected into office. zephyr will be one of the leading progressives in congress. we must all fight to make sure she gets elected! rt @nationalnurses: "as americans our goal must be to elect progressives at every level." -@berniesanders #ourrevolution #feelthebern "rt @ourrevolution: ""i intend to do everything that i can to defeat the tpp."" - berniejoin the fight. rt @janekleeb: nice shout out from @berniesanders on the outrage of transcanada suing usa for  billion because they didn't get kxl #ourre…tonight, i want to introduce you to our revolution – made up of thousands of people who will be fighting at the grassroots level for change.uruguay is being sued by phillip-morris because it waged a campaign to keep its children from smoking and developing cancer. #stopthetppdespite the gains of the affordable care act,  million americans remain uninsured and  million are underinsured. we need #medicareforallrt @ourpoliticalrev: loving the energy at the @ourrevolution launch party in columbus, ohio! #ourrevolution i was proud that our campaign was the first campaign to call for an end to private prisons and detention centers. percent of republicans now understand that people earning more than $, should be asked to pay more in taxes. #ourrevolution"rt @ninaturner: ""we won the overwhelming majority of young people  years &amp; under across this country."" @berniesanders #ourrevolution tr…"rt @evan_burger: the revolution continues! @ourrevolution one of the things we accomplished is helping write the strongest and most progressive democratic platform in the history of the country.that’s the kind of process i will always fight for and what i believe in from the bottom of my heart. we must demand change.as i have said a million times, real change always takes place from the bottom on up, not the top on down. #ourrevolutionrt @ourrevolution: we're live! follow the link to watch the #ourrevolution launch event! tune in live right now for the our revolution launch:  #ourrevolution"tonight we will outline our vision for continuing the revolution we started in our campaign. be sure to tune in!rt @erikaandiola: today is the big day for @ourrevolution! tune in at pm est/pm pst to see @berniesanders live:  #…there is nothing that is more important than passing on a mother earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.rt @ourrevolution: we're launching our revolution tonight with  events across the country! find one near you and rsvp right now: "check out our latest snapchat story on how drug companies and big pharma are ripping us off: we have over , launch events for our revolution across the country tonight. find one near you: we can create a nation in which all people who want to pursue higher education can do that regardless of their income.we can create a nation where % of our kids are not living in poverty.we must provide legal status to the undocumented. we need comprehensive immigration reform, and we need a path towards citizenship."access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs.donald trump and his friends should realize that their bigotry is the past, not the future.we just passed  events in every state for the august  launch of our revolution!  what a great nation is about is doing everything that we can to resolve international conflict without a war."we must start treating prisoners as human beings, not profiting from their incarceration.people should not have to go without the medication they need because congress does not have the courage to stand up to big pharma.america should join germany, denmark, mexico and other countries in providing tuition-free public college.i don’t think that corporations should be making a profit by seeing more and more people go into jail.i want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest.today we have cities across america who have made their minimum wage $ an hour. i’m going to do my best to make that nationally.change takes place when people by the millions determine that the status quo is not the world that should be.this is a rigged economy – heads they win, tails you lose. we are going to change that economy.there are over  million undocumented people in this country. we cannot turn our backs on them."we just passed  events in every state across the country for the august  launch of our revolution! to my republican colleagues: if you don’t have the guts to defend your ideas in a free election, get another job.it is unacceptable that the cost of a quality childcare program is out of reach for millions of americans. we must fight voter suppression in all forms. if you are  years of age, you should be automatically registered to vote.in my view, when the largest banks are larger than they were when we bailed them out, we have to break them up. #breakemupin the richest country in the history of the world, seniors should not be choosing between food and medicine.rt @pramilajayapal: #transformamericainwords reverse disastrous citizens united decision. with your help we can reach  meetings where we will talk about the next steps for our revolution. can you host? on august , i will address our volunteers live at more than , organizing meetings across the u.s. attend one: "we must put an end to this shameful industry completely, including state contracts with private prisons.why we must end the existence of for-profit prisons entirely: rt @tim_canova: .@thejusticedept ending use of private prisons is a bold move to correcting policies that disproportionately affect minorit…last place is no place for america. we must join the rest of the world and ensure workers access to paid family, sick and vacation leave.private prisons are not cheaper, they are not safer, and they do not provide better outcomes for either the prisoners or the state.the doj's plan to end its use of private prisons is an important step in the right direction. it's exactly what our movement has fought for.let’s be clear: in terms of real family values, in many respects, we lag behind virtually every other major country on earth.when republicans talk about “family values” what they usually mean is opposition to a women's right to choose and opposition to gay rights."the drug industry's greed knows no bounds.take a moment to think about the supreme court justices that donald trump would nominate. republicans want to end medicare and transform it into a voucher system that gives a cancer patient $, and says: good luck to you.the united states remains the only major country on earth that doesn’t guarantee health care to all people. it's a national embarrassment.this is what corporate control of our government looks like..@aetna's threat to dept. of justice: if you reject our merger, we will pull out of health exchanges. must read: we must always remember that change almost never happens from the top down, it happens from the bottom up."for the first time in modern history, our younger generation may have a lower standard of living than their parents.rt @dfaaction: republicans in north carolina are taking steps to suppress the votes of the state's african-american voters. rt @janeosanders: we stand with @shailenewoodley and our native american brothers &amp; sisters against the north dakota pipeline. "unless we act boldy on climate today, the situation will only become much worse in years to come."the fossil fuel industry is responsible for our massive methane buildup. another reason to #keepitintheground!our health cannot continue to be dependent upon the whims of insurance companies whose only goal is to make as much profit as possible."threats like @aetna's to pull out of health exchanges are exactly why we need to move toward a single-payer system.the decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman, without interference from politicians.it's time for our country to join the rest of the world in implementing prescription drug policies that work for all, not just big pharma.while fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits, climate change ravages our planet and our people. it is unacceptable that, in the united states, the cost of cancer drugs has more than doubled over the last  years to $, a month.rt @splcenter: as alabama shuts down psychiatric hospitals, one jail is expanding to house mentally ill  our civil liberties and right to privacy shouldn't be the price we pay for security.in the united states of america, you should not be forced into bankruptcy because you are diagnosed with cancer.all over this country, one out of five americans cannot afford their prescriptions. people are dying because they cannot afford medication.since implementation, daca has protected more than k young immigrants from deportation. it is time to protect their families as well.rt @newrepublic: we need to declare war on global warning—literally. @billmckibben explains:  it is unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the united states has gone up by more than  percent since .the dangers of the tpp are abundant and well-documented. we must do all that we can to #stoptppnow. the united states is the only major country on earth – the only one – that doesn't regulate prescription drug prices.when it comes to basic workplace protections, workers in every other major industrialized country get a better deal than workers in the u.s.millions of seniors have to juggle their ability to buy food, medicine or heat. those are not the choices seniors should be forced to make.today we have nearly  million american seniors who may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.if we look at the greatness of a nation in that respect, the sad truth is that the united states today does not get particularly high marks.a nation is judged not by how many billionaires and millionaires it has but by how it treats the most vulnerable people among us.democracy isn't about a handful of billionaires, like the koch brothers or sheldon adelson, spending as much as they want to buy a race.we need police reform so that young people can walk down the street without having to worry about if they're going to be harassed or shot."i'm motivated by a vision which exists in all the great religions: do to others what you would have them do to you.in many states, it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender. that must change.people should be rewarded for getting an education, not punished with student debt of $,, $, or more.i am proud to have introduced the most comprehensive climate change legislation in the history of the united states senate..@tulsigabbard has been a great friend to our political revolution. hawaiʻi – go out and vote for tulsi today: rt @fightfor: @berniesanders thank you for always being with us, senator. you will always be #fightfor family.corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.i applaud the workers who are demanding $ an hour and a union. keep fighting, sisters and brothers. #fightfor"i very much hope that the il state legislature votes to overturn this absurd veto and registers millions of voters.the idea that we are laying off teachers is completely absurd."exxon lies about climate change, has billions in profits, gets huge tax breaks and, now, protection by republicans.do you know what workers fought for  years ago? a -hour workweek.  years ago. today, we still have not achieved that goal.not only is this the right thing to do from a moral perspective, it is also what the vast majority of the american people want us to do.we can lift this cap so that everyone making over $k a year pays into social security and extend its solvency for the next  years.right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into social security as someone who makes $, a year.social security has a $. trillion surplus. it can pay every benefit owed to every eligible american for the next  years. #socsecwall street and right-wing misinformation tell us social security, which is funded by the payroll tax, is going broke. they're dead wrong.in the  years since fdr signed social security into law, it has been one of the nation’s most successful anti-poverty programs. #socsecrt @vprnet: vermont primary saw bids by young people inspired by bernie sanders  house and senate democrats must join sec. clinton and go on record in opposition to a vote on tpp during a lame-duck session of congress."the tpp will cost american jobs, harm the environment and threaten our ability to protect public health.in total, trump wants to provide a $ trillion tax cut to americans who make over $ million a year.trump's plan to repeal the estate tax alone would give a $ billion tax break over a -year period to the top two-tenths of  percent.meanwhile, trump is proposing huge tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires while gutting the department of education and the epa."he's the poster child of failed trade policies:❌ trump clothing made in mexico❌ trump ties made in china❌ trump shirts made in bangladesh"how serious is trump about fixing the trade problem? from (now-defunct) trump university: "outsourcing creates jobs in the long run."wanna know why trump believes wages are too high in the u.s.?  he is used to paying  cents an hour in low-wage countries abroad.donald says he will "fix" trade.  he can start by shutting down his own sweatshops in bangladesh and pay workers in the u.s. a living wage.why would we even expect trump to come up with a serious plan to fix a rigged economy? he's the one who rigged it."donald trump is only looking out for himself and his billionaire friends? not surprised.  years ago young people could attend some of the great public universities of our nation virtually tuition-free. why can't we do it now?we should treat these families with the compassion, dignity and respect they deserve – not lock up mothers for over  days. #shutdownberks"the government should not be in the inhumane business of locking up families who have fled unspeakable violence.if we are serious about criminal justice reform, we must remove marijuana from the federal controlled substances act.keeping marijuana in the same category as heroin is absurd. the time is long overdue for us to remove the federal prohibition on marijuana.by expanding worker-owned businesses we can create stronger companies throughout the country and improve working conditions for employees.we need to expand economic models that help the middle class. i strongly believe that employee ownership is one of those models."in the united states, a prescription drug shot up in price from $ a pill to $ a pill, literally overnight."republicans say, ""yeah, we have seniors trying to get by on $, a year, but we are gonna cut their benefits.""proud of my former staff chris pearson, tim ashe and anthony pollina for winning their vermont primary elections yesterday!en los últimos  años, la riqueza de  estadounidenses ha crecido % —  veces más que todos los latin@s. the billionaire class already controls much of our economy, and now they want to control the united states government as well."rt @tulsigabbard: this movement is fueled by love, but it’s won by your votes. cast your ballot and let your voice be heard. at the same time, congress should focus on demilitarization and ending a criminal justice system that targets african-americans.it is time for local police departments to start listening to their communities' concerns and enact policies that reflect those concerns."over the past  years, the wealth of the  richest americans has grown  %— times the growth for latin@s. the american people should not have to go without health care because congress does not have the courage to stand up to the drug industry."access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs.rt @keithellison: thanx to all progressives who ran, whether you won or not. keep standing for what's right; the movement is all go!no one person alone can address the enormous problems facing working families in america. it will take a movement of millions of people."must read: ""just as past public policies created the racial wealth gap, current policy widens it.""the truth is that no great nation can survive economically, morally, or politically when so few have so much and so many have so little.rt @katrinanation: my take this am-- the sanders movement is only just beginning "we have gotta, at the grassroots level, encourage people to get involved. that’s exactly what we are going to do. to my friends in ct, wi, mn and vt: i hope to see you at the voting booths today! engage in the political process and reclaim our democracy.our infrastructure is collapsing and the american people know it. time to invest in roads &amp; bridges, not more jails.a $ trillion investment in infrastructure could create  million decent paying jobs. rt @action: huge victory as coloradans stand up the to fracking industry to put community health + safety on the ballot in nov. at a time when this world faces so many problems, the corporate media will talk about everything in the world except important issues.there is something profoundly wrong when billionaires are buying elections. that's not democracy.russ feingold is someone we need in the senate, and i'm proud to endorse his campaign. go vote for @russfeingold today! #wisconsinprimarymaybe, just maybe, something is wrong when we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of nearly any major country on earth.it's time we had democratic socialism for working families, not just the very rich. we do that by ending huge tax breaks for billionaires.the most important thing you can do to move the political revolution forward is sign up to host an event on aug. : all of the pundits always tell us what we cannot accomplish until the day after we accomplish it. that's been the story of struggle.let us feed our children first, educate our children first, and worry about the military-industrial complex later!do we stand with the  percent of our children who live in poverty or the military-industrial complex pumping billions into bombers?the middle class is still suffering from the horrendous damage financial institutions and insurance companies did to this country in .some members of congress —  mostly men, i should add — are trying to roll back the clock on women’s rights. we can't let that happen.because of the greed and illegal behavior on wall street, millions lost their jobs, homes and ability to send their kids to college.if the american people at the grassroots level begin to stand up and fight back, profound and positive changes take place across america.rt @pramilajayapal: sad that the st anniversary of the #votingrightsact will be marked by the first us election in  years without its f…it's an embarrassment that the republican-led congress, has refused to consider legislation to repair the damage to the voting rights act.we must remember that the struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day or a year. it's the struggle of a lifetime.rt @latimes: an op-ed by bernie sanders: i support hillary clinton. so should everyone who voted for me  it is an absolute outrage that we have republican governors and legislators working overtime making it harder for people to vote.we must remember the price paid for the right to vote. change comes when the people demand it –  in the voting booth and on the streets.today, marks the -year anniversary of the voting rights act, a milestone in the fight for civil rights. this campaign was never about bernie sanders. it's about a grassroots movement of americans standing up and saying: 'enough is enough!'we must work to transform american society by making our political and economic systems work for all of us, not just the  percent.we become stronger when men and women, young and old, gay and straight, native born and immigrant stand together.together we can revitalize our democracy and empower new progressive leaders. but we need your help. join us: together, we built something unprecedented through our presidential campaign. now, we must take the next steps for our political revolution.election days come and go, but the struggle for economic, social, racial and environmental justice will always continue.in ,  percent of all the jobs in this country were in manufacturing. today, that figure is down to  percent.for the first time in our history, american families have more student debt than credit card debt. that is an extraordinary reality.congress must ensure our elections belong to individual voters not billionaire donors.many children today enter kindergarten behind where they should be intellectually and emotionally because of inadequate childcare.i am getting tired of being lectured by ceos of large corporations who want to cut social security benefits in exchange for tax breaks.the fact is that for many years, republicans have been attempting to either cut social security or privatize it. we can't let that happen.we "can't afford" benefits for some of the people who are struggling the hardest, but congress has no issue with tax breaks for the waltons.all over the world, countries are saying, "let us put an end to state murder. let us stop capital punishment." time for us to do the same."election days come and go, but the struggle continues. add a $ contribution to our revolution and join us:when you think of the political revolution, i want you to think about @pramilajayapal. pramila is taking on special interests and fighting for working families. big win for our revolution! we need a rational immigration process, not the republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution.climate change is real, caused by human activity and already creating devastating problems in the united states and around the world.in my view, not only should we bring back glass-steagall, we should break up the big banks that are larger now than when we bailed them out!the most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure.for the last  years the great middle class of our country – once the envy of the world – has been disappearing.rt @pramilajayapal: encourage everyone you know to #votepramila in today's primary &amp; show your support by using the hashtag #votepramila ht…the gop is working overtime disenfranchising minorities. if republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.rt @tim_canova: today is the last day to switch party affiliation to democrat to vote in our august th primary! we must demand that the united states join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care and education to all as a right.fundamental and transformational change doesn't happen overnight – it takes time to happen. this movement has got to continue.what the continuation of the political revolution means is activating political consciousness across america and getting people involved.the system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and over half of all new income goes to the top  percent.our job is not done. we must stand up and take on the billionaire class. that fight must continue the day after the election.let me be clear: we must continue the political revolution. we must continue to bring in millions of people into the fight for justice.i don’t believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works  hours a week should not be living in poverty.trump has taken people's anger and anxiety about terrorism and converted it into anger against mexicans or muslims. it's wrong and immoral.we need to end the race to the bottom and enact trade policies that demand that american corporations create jobs here, and not just abroad.rt @facethenation: this morning: @berniesanders joins us to discuss his historic campaign and the push for party unity heading into novembe…if corporate america wants us to buy their products, they damn well better start manufacturing them here in america.it's time to end religious bigotry and build a nation in which we all stand together and condemn the anti-muslim rhetoric we're hearing.our trade policies written by corporate america have cost us millions of jobs and have led to a race to the bottom.we need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few.what republicans are saying is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. i strongly disagree.loudly and clearly, we must tell republicans: no, we will not cut social security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans.republicans: try winning elections based on your ideas and your character, not on the amount of money you can collect from billionaires.republicans are waging a war against women and, let me be clear, it's not a war that we're gonna allow them to win.i congratulate @hillaryclinton on this historic achievement. we are stronger together.we must end the grotesque level of income and wealth inequality that we currently experience, the worst it has been since .trump wants to abolish the affordable care act and throw  million people off of health insurance. we can't let that happen. #demsinphillywhat we are dealing with now is quite honestly, the worst republican candidate in the modern history of the united states of america."now, more than ever, is the time for millions of families to come together and revitalize american democracy."a truly beautiful moment from last night's roll call vote at the democratic national convention...the gop wants us to forget that the greed and illegal behavior on wall street caused the worst economic downturn since the great depression.drug companies should not be making billions in profits while one in five americans are unable to afford the medicine they need.thank you @killermike for advocating for the issues that are affecting working-class americans across our country. "take enormous pride in the historical accomplishments we have achieved together. #notmeuswe become stronger when black and white, latino, asian-american, native american – all of us – stand together.this election is about making sure that young people in this country are in good schools and at good jobs, not in jail cells.rt @hillaryclinton: stronger together. rt @tulsigabbard: my friends, because this is a movement fueled by love, it can never be stopped or defeated. #feelthebern #demsinphillyelection days come and go. but political revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end.this election is not just about electing a president. far more significantly, it is about transforming america.rt @tulsigabbard: proud to have the opportunity today to nominate my friend @berniesanders at the dncc. #dncinphl #demsinphilly rt @abcpolitics: .@berniesanders at new york delegation breakfast: the democratic party "needs to open its doors" #demsinphilly never tweet. thank you, philadelphia! #demsinphilly what we have done together is unprecedented, but our fight is not done. join our revolution: our job now is to see a progressive platform implemented by a democratic senate, a democratic house and a hillary clinton presidency!it is no secret that hillary clinton and i disagree on a number of issues. that’s what this campaign and what democracy is about.if you don’t believe this election is important, if you think you can sit it out: you're wrong. think about the future of the supreme court.while trump believes in huge tax breaks for billionaires, he believes states should have the right to lower the minimum wage below $..we need leaders who bring us together and make us stronger, not leaders who insult latinos, muslims, women and blacks and divide us up.together, my friends, we have begun a political revolution to transform america and that revolution – our revolution – continues.rt @demconvention: "our revolution continues." @berniesanders #demsinphilly many here are disappointed. i think it’s fair to say that no one is more disappointed than i am. but take pride in what we've accomplished.and to my delegates: thank you for all the work you’ve done. i look forward to your votes during the roll call on tuesday night.thank you to the  million americans who voted for the political revolution, giving us  percent of the pledged delegates here tonight.rt @gov: live: bernie sanders addresses the #demconvention. tune in on twitter below. election days come and go but the fight for social, economic, racial and environmental justice continues. #demsinphillywe have got to defeat donald trump and do everything we can to elect hillary clinton to the white house. #demsinphilly"tonight at the democratic national convention i'll address the future of our movement. will you watch? #demsinphillyyoung people are the future of america, and they want a role in shaping that future! #demsinphillythank you to all of the delegates representing our revolution in philadelphia! #demsinphilly i've said it since day one: this campaign is about more than electing a president. it is about enacting a progressive agenda across america!we need a party which is prepared to stand up for the  million people in this country who are living in poverty!in the state of new york  million independent voters could not participate in the democratic nominee process. it's time for open primaries.sanders statement on dnc chair resignation the party leadership must always remain impartial in the presidential nominating process, something which did not occur in the  race."we'll keep fighting for a government based on the principles of economic, social, racial and environmental justice.rt @abcpolitics: .@berniesanders: "most of my supporters understand trump has got to be defeated" #thisweek rt @thisweekabc: .@berniesanders says debbie wasserman schultz "should resign, period" following dnc email leak. #thisweek "this is a tremendous victory in the fight to democratize the democratic party and reform the nominating process.it is time for us to have a government which represents all americans, not just a handful of wealthy campaign contributors.at a time of massive income and wealth inequality, we need tax policies that demand that the wealthy start paying their fair share of taxes.the toxic chemicals used in fracking are known to cause lung cancer and birth defects. we must ban fracking and #keepitintheground.no amount of regulation can safely guard against the dangers fracking poses to our land, water, air, natural resources and public health.we need to raise the minimum wage to $ an hour over the next few years, and implement pay equity for women workers.fracking is a danger to our water supply, the air we breathe and it’s contributing to climate change. time to phase out fracking nationwide.with real unemployment near  percent, we need a jobs program to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of jobs.both the @epa and the @thenasciences have shown clear evidence that hydraulic fracturing can lead to a contaminated water supply.rt @tulsigabbard: people are frustrated with the same-old politics as usual. the problem is simple: too many of our leaders have forgotten…the time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class of this country, and not just the  percent.billions of dollars are being funneled into our elections in a form of legalized bribery.trump’s supreme court nominees would, like scalia, oppose a woman’s right to choose, support citizens united and gut the voting rights act.trump’s economic plan: let states lower the federal minimum wage of $. an hour, already a starvation wage.trump’s economic plan: same old, same old trickle-down economics. pathetic. #rncwithberniewill there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? or just concerned about more tax breaks for the rich? #rncwithbernietrump thinks climate change is a “hoax.” my supporters understand that we must move away from fossil fuels, not expand them. #rncwithbernieour movement understands that what we don't need is trump's huge tax breaks for millionaires. #rncwithbernielooks like ted cruz was right about one thing. trump does not understand what the constitution is about. #rncwithbernietrump: “i alone can fix this.” maybe he doesn’t understand that a president has to work with congress. #rncwithbernie"trump: “i alone can fix this.”is this guy running for president or dictator? #rncwithbernie"still waiting for a single word about covering the  million americans without health insurance. i guess they don’t matter much to trump.citizens united is one of the worst decisions in our history. will trump mention it or is he too afraid of the koch brothers? #rncwithberniefix trade. stop manufacturing trump clothing in mexico. #rncwithberniefix trade. stop manufacturing trump ties in china.fix trade. stop manufacturing trump shirts in bangladesh at -cents an hour. #rncwithberniewhat a hypocrite! if trump wants to "fix" trade he can start by making his products in the us, not low-wage countries abroad. #rncwithbernietrump’s economic plan: $. trillion in tax breaks for millionaires, cut programs for low-income americans. #rncwithbernietrump’s big economic plans: give trillions in tax breaks to millionaires, refuse to raise the federal minimum wage. #rncwithbernie#rncwithbernie trump is wrong. the real cause of instability in the middle east was the bush-cheney invasion of iraq. by the way, where is president bush?we believe in bringing people together, not dividing them up.those who voted for me will not support trump who has made bigotry and divisiveness the cornerstone of his campaign. #rncwithberniewill trump mention climate change, the great environmental crisis of our time? been waiting for a year now. #rncwithbernieevery american over  must be automatically registered to vote so that young people can make their voices heard at the ballot box.we must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls.change comes when the people demand it — in the voting booth and on the streets in peaceful demonstrations.we must remember that the struggle for our rights is not the struggle of a day, or a year. it is the struggle of a lifetime.when the votes of minorities are suppressed, it becomes easier for politicians who represent billionaires to win and hold elected office.i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos or muslims. we are going to stand together.make no mistake: the billionaire class does not want young and working people to vote.in the shameful days of open segregation, literacy laws were used to suppress minority voting. today, republicans do it with photo id laws.through a prize fund we can provide affordable access to medicines as soon as they are available on the market.the prices of patented medicines are a significant barrier to access to health for millions americans and people die because of it."it should offend the conscience of every american when the votes of minorities are suppressed.poverty should not be a death sentence, neither in the united states nor anywhere else.  yet it is, much to our disgrace."we will defeat donald trump because we know that love trumps hatred.it’s fun for the media to treat trump like a character in a soap opera, but the truth is his language is dangerous.in my view, it makes a lot more sense to be investing in jobs and education, than more jails and incarceration.we must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice, for environmental sanity and for peace.if @realdonaldtrump wants to open the door to racism, it is our job to shut that door, and shut it tight.the greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.i believe we have a moral obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military intervention.trump suggested limiting immigration according to religion and creating a national database based on religion – absolutely disgraceful.to advance the cause of peace, the united states has also got to be a friend not only to israel, but to the palestinian people.we have got to say to the fossil-fuel industry that their short-term profits are not more important than the future of this planet.at a time of massive inequality, the republicans believe that the richest people in america need to be made even richer.i hope the republicans listen to what the pope has to say. denying the science related to climate change is no longer acceptable."what we've accomplished so far is historic – but our work is far from over. this political revolution must continue.today in america we not only have an absence level of wealth and income inequality, we have a power structure that protects that inequality.lifting the cap on social security would increase cost-of-living-adjustments and increase minimum benefits paid to low-income seniors."our younger generation may have a lower standard of living than their parents. this is not what america is about.i'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement.together we're going to overturn this disastrous citizens united supreme court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians.despite what the media tells you, politics is not a soap opera. politics is about coming together to improve the lives of all.we need a grassroots movement to tell the koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections.we are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors.no president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement.at what point will congress have the courage to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and say enough is enough?american pharmaceutical companies couple outrageous prices on drugs with new and inventive ways to avoid paying taxes. it's truly shameless.this is not a moment. it's a movement. and you are our movement. get involved: we must allow medicare to negotiate drug prices and reduce the barriers to importing prescription drugs from canada and other countries."real tax reform means wall street, the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share.we need to re-enfranchise the more than  million americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction.for the last  years the great middle class of our country — once the envy of the world — has been disappearing.one in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe. elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake.rt @billy_gendell: we won some major victories in the democratic platform. time to take this blueprint and fight to make it a reality. war must be the last resort, not the first response.change cannot take place without political participation.rt @katrinanation: how bernie sanders delivered the most progressive platform in democratic party history via @thenation our movement is about creating an america that ensures nobody working  hours a week has to live in poverty.in a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. we need a serious discussion about the issues.shameful. we must require states to collect data on deaths that happen in police custody and make that data public. billionaires buying elections is not what our constitution stands for. we need to end minimum sentencing. too many people in america are serving unnecessarily long mandatory minimum sentences.we must implement universal voter registration, so that anyone  years of age or older who is eligible to vote is automatically registered.the debate is over. climate change is real, it's caused by human activity and is already causing devastating damage to the entire planet.in the united states of america we can create the conditions that allow people who are released from prison to stay out.rt @lulac: .@berniesanders speaks on immigration reform, criminal justice reform, and pay equity at #lulac convention. pathetic. billionaire bully trump wants to give huge tax breaks to the rich but opposes raising the federal minimum wage of $..republican governors are working overtime to suppress the vote. if republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job.sandra bland. we will #sayhername.rt @cbsthismorning: ahead on @cbsthismorning: @berniesanders joins us the united states should be leading the world in pushing our energy system away from fossil fuel and toward sustainable energy.the only long-term solution to america's health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program. "as you have throughout this historic campaign, i ask for your support as we continue through november and beyond.rt @thedemocrats: "now more than ever our country needs our movement." a note from @berniesanders:  "we will never stop fighting for what is right. this movement of ours — this political revolution — must continue. big talk from the same guy who was too afraid to debate bernie in california. rt @berniesanders: if you’re interested in more than just electing a president, we need your help.  our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a democratic senate, a democratic house and a hillary clinton presidency.rt @berniesanders: this campaign isn't just about electing bernie sanders. it's about the needs of the american people &amp; the ideas to addre…rt @hillaryclinton: watch live as @berniesanders joins hillary on the trail in new hampshire. thank you to the  million americans who voted for me and the hundreds of thousands of volunteers who worked so hard on our campaign.".@hillaryclinton has won the democratic nominating process, and i congratulate her for that. together, we have begun a political revolution to transform america and that revolution continues. together. not me, us."we must ensure that progress does not end on the platform's pages, but becomes reality. the fight is just beginning.the u.s. has less than  percent of the world’s population, yet we incarcerate about a quarter of its prisoners — some . million people.children sleep out on the street while corporations do not pay a nickel in corporate taxes. that, together, we are going to change.no one, in my view, should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars."raising the federal minimum wage is the beginning of creating an america as good as its promise.” – @ninaturner the cost of war is great, and it is far more than the billions of dollars we spend on planes, tanks and guns. a handful of people on wall street have extraordinary power. in , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the u.s. and global economy.when we stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. stand with our delegates and help get them to philly: the federal reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating. if that ain't rigged, i don't know what is."fraud™ the business model on wall street."why is it that kids are jailed for possessing marijuana but nothing happens to wall street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions?"while we have made great progress advancing important issues, the fight is just beginning. thanks to millions of people across the country, we have the most progressive platform in the history of the democratic party. thank you!"democrats agreed to the most aggressive plan to combat climate change in the history of the party yesterday.the system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and  percent of all new income goes to the top  percent."mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind.” - john f. kennedy the democratic convention is only a couple weeks away, but many of our delegates can't afford it. chip in: rt @billmckibben: when you organize you win. millions of people have begun to shift climate policy. and so grateful to @berniesanders for e…"the current federal min. wage is a starvation wage. looking forward to this living wage of $ an hour becoming law.rt @dfaaction: .@pramilajayapal knows that #climatechange is one of the most important issues of today.  #p #uniteb…it's time to end the federal ban on marijuana.  "we've earned almost , convention delegates, but for many it's too expensive to attend. help get them to philly:elections should not be auctions. in a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas. rt @benjealous: .@hillaryclinton is against the tpp. @berniesanders is against the tpp. let’s not be bureaucrats – let’s be leaders. #stopt…"you don't need a degree in economics to understand that our trade agreements have failed.rt @billmckibben: sanders delegates currently delivering , anti #tpp signatures to democratic platform meeting. heating up together these steps will get us closer to the day when everyone in america has access to quality, affordable health care.efforts to give americans a public-option choice and to expand medicare by allowing people to opt in at  years are important steps.today's proposal by @hillaryclinton is an important step toward expanding health insurance and health care access to millions of americans.the goal of health care reform in america is to guarantee health care for all as a right, what every other major country on earth does."thank you @ninaturner for your leadership at the democratic platform committee and getting this amendment passed.a few years ago, the fight for $ was considered radical. today, it is a cornerstone of the democratic party. now let's make it the law.rt @thehill: just in: , sign sanders' petition opposing trade agreement  it is clear that we need to fundamentally reject our “free trade” policies and move to fair trade.today, shamefully, we have more than  million latinos living in poverty. this is nearly one out of every four latinos in this country.two candidates need your help to continue the political revolution: @pramilajayapal and @tim_canova. make calls: "they tell us that unfettered free trade would increase jobs. over and over again, they've been proven wrong.in the richest country in the history of the world, it is not a radical idea to make sure that every american is entitled to health care.it's up to the next democratic president of the united states to fulfill the legacies of fdr and truman and guarantee health care for all."we need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy.the attack on police officers in dallas last night is horrifying and despicable. we must as a nation stand against violence of all kinds.it's not acceptable that a handful of billionaires is now controlling our political process and the corporate media refuse to talk about it.esto es lo que queremos, y vamos a continuar luchando para conseguirlo: "our democratic platform calls for enacting a st-century glass-steagall act and breaking up too-big-to-fail banks.when we guarantee health care for all, every american will be able to see a doctor when they need to and not worry about going bankrupt."the majority of democrats are opposed to the tpp. thank you to the , who signed the petitions. #stoptppnow"#tbt to bernie talking about the obscene amount of corporate media coverage given to donald trump... in !"last chance to sign the petition opposing the tpp to be delivered to the democratic platform committee tomorrow! rt @credomobile: must watch new video: @senwarren on why we need to #stopthetpp i kind of think that if every other major country can have health care as a right, then you know what? so can the united states of america."if both clinton and i agree that the tpp should not get to the floor of congress, why isn't this in the platform?as south carolina rep. wendell gilliard proclaimed: "enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color."we need real criminal justice reform so that people can walk down the street without worrying about whether they'll get harassed or shot.today african-americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police. #philandocastillethe violence that killed alton sterling and philando castile has become an all too common occurrence for people of color and it. must. stop.the u.s. is the only major country on earth that does not provide universal health care to all.free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy electionswhen somebody is killed while in police custody, it should automatically trigger a doj investigation. #altonsterling for perhaps the first time in modern history, our younger generation will probably have a lower standard of living than their parents.the senate is voting on a very bad piece of monsanto-backed legislation today. text gmo to  to oppose it. rt @wolfblitzer: senator @berniesanders joins me live today during pm et hour. we have lots to discuss. #wolf @cnncongress must stand up to the multi-national food industry and reject this outrageous bill. text gmo to  to call your senators.monsanto is spending millions of dollars to overturn legislation passed by states that calls for the labeling of gmo food.i applaud @hillaryclinton for the very bold initiative she has just brought forth for the financing of higher education.for some, it means not going to college at all. for others, it means graduating school with crippling student loan debt.as i traveled throughout the country, i heard over and over again what the high costs of college and student debt do to people's lives.when parents buy food for their children, they have a right to know what they're feeding them. we must allow states to require gmo labeling.despite major increases in productivity, the median male worker in america today is making $ dollars less than he did in .we need to end the international scandal in which large corporations avoid paying trillions in taxes to their national governments.rt @workingfamilies: it just makes sense! tell the #demplatform committee to #stoptppnow:  rt @greenpeaceusa: fracking is just one reason we need to #stoptppnow  rt @roseanndemoro: for the sake of workers, our health &amp; the #environment-sign this petition! #stoptppnow in the #demplatform .@thedemocrats must go on record in opposition to holding a vote on the tpp.  #stoptppnow rt @ourpoliticalrev: the american government needs to learn from its mistakes. nafta, cafta, and pntr were disastrous. #stoptppnow we don't need more unfettered free trade deals that outsource millions of jobs and shut down tens of thousands of factories. #stoptppnowelected officials must focus on protecting the environment for our future generations, not enable polluters to curb regulations. #stoptppnowrt @citizenstrade: urge the democratic party platform committee to officially oppose the #tpp here:  #stoptppnowrt @cwaunion: opposition to tpp must be in @thedemocrats platform. urge the platform committee to oppose the tpp here #stoptppnow a disastrous trade agreement should not be "fast-tracked" for a vote on congress. in fact, it should never be brought to a vote. #stoptppnowrt @peoplebernie: virtually every major environmental group is opposed to the tpp #stoptppnow rt @dfaaction: both @berniesanders and @hillaryclinton opposed the #tpp. #demplatform should reflect their opposition. #stoptppnow it is clear that we need to fundamentally reject our “free trade” policies and move to fair trade.  #stoptppnow"we need to fundamentally change the relationship between the u.s. government and the native american community.want to help amplify bernie's message with other supporters using social media? join connect: while we're trying to supplement our nearly  delegates' trips to the convention, they're largely self-funding. help them out if you can.we have got to cut military spending around the globe and address the true causes of war: poverty, hatred, hopelessness and ignorance.let’s be clear: we have an economic model developed by the economic elite to benefit the economic elite. time for real change.today we celebrate  years of american independence. happy th of july! we shouldn't have to compete against workers in low-wage countries. instead, we should help those countries develop sustainable economies."let's try something radical and practice democracy. write your senators &amp; ask them to oppose the monsanto gmo bill:the top  percent now owns more wealth than the whole of the bottom  percent. how has this been accepted for so long?at a time when huge financial institutions are bigger now than before they were bailed out, we must enact a st-century glass-steagall act.the party platform drafted in st. louis is an excellent start but, let us be clear, it's a document that needs to be significantly improved.rt @gunnelswarren: the political revolution of  will continue. it cannot and will not fade into the night. on to orlando. "the democratic party needs to make clear that we stand with those who are struggling and who have been left behind. "write to your senators and ask them to oppose the gmo labeling bill supported by corporations like monsanto.the issue of labeling our food isn’t controversial. the overwhelming majority of americans favor gmo labeling."the dem party must go on record in opposition to holding a vote on the tpp during the lame-duck session of congress.people have a right to know what is in the food they eat and the senate shouldn't stop states from passing laws that let that happen.the american people have made it perfectly clear time and time again: climate change is real and we must take bold action to curb it today.fossil fuel executives are hell-bent on doing everything in their power to block action and they're doing it by bankrolling elections.some corporations have deliberately chosen to put profits ahead of the health of people and our planet. they must be brought to justice.we must do all we can to ensure donald trump does not become president. climate change skepticism has no place in the oval office.we must move forward with climate justice policies that recognize the public health risks faced by low-income and minority communities.some politicians still refuse to recognize the reality of climate change. in the year . it's a national embarrassment.citizens united amounts to legalized bribery – plain and simple.public funding of elections increases voter participation and lowers time spent on fundraising, allowing politicians to work on real issues.putting a price on carbon via a carbon tax is one of the most cost-effective strategies for quickly fighting climate change.as a father of four and a grandfather of seven, i'll do all i can to leave a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren."the democratic platform includes some accomplishments that will begin to move this country in the right direction.we must ban offshore drilling, stop dirty pipeline projects like the keystone xl and stop exports of liquefied natural gas and crude oil.for every dollar invested in energy efficiency, families and businesses can enjoy up to $ in energy savings.if this country is about anything, it’s about religious freedom and religious tolerance. we're not going to accept trump's bigotry.the dem platform includes many important issues but it's missing a big one: opposing the tpp. sign the petition: "queremos un sistema político y económico que trabaje para todos nosotros, no sólo para los multimillonarios.let’s be frank, we have a very corrupt campaign finance system that allows wall street and billionaires to buy elections. that's gotta end."are we able to bring all of our nearly , delegates to the democratic convention? pitch in before midnight.we still have, despite the gains of the affordable care act,  million people with no health insurance. how is that moral?"people are catching on that the ideas that they have are in fact mainstream ideas that millions of others support."can you make a contribution towards ensuring we get all of our delegates to the democratic convention next month?if we all make our voices heard, we can win the fight against the tpp. sign our petition and stand with us:  #stoptpptrade is a good thing but it has to be fair. and the tpp is anything but fair. we must ensure the tpp doesn't come up for a vote. #stoptppwe need trade policies that benefit american workers, not just corporate ceos. democrats must do all they can to defeat the tpp. #stoptppthe tpp is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities all over this country. #stoptpp"tell the dnc: we have gotta strongly oppose bad trade agreements like the tpp in the party platform. #stoptppour job is to do everything we can to rally support for an amendment to the platform in strong opposition to the tpp. #stoptppwe've made some great progress in the democratic party platform, but more needs to be done. we must defeat the disastrous tpp. #stoptpp"tell the dnc platform committee to prevent the disastrous tpp trade deal from ever coming up for a vote. #stoptpptoday, the wealthiest  people on this planet own as much wealth as the bottom half of the world’s population — around . billion people.that is our greatest danger: becoming used to it and thinking it is normal. it is not normal. it is an outrage.we cannot allow ourselves to become used to the fact that we have tens of thousands of children in this country who are homeless.today, thousands of undocumented workers face horrific working conditions and they can't fight back because they have no legal rights.an important step, but we must aggressively transition from all fossil fuels and nuclear to sustainable energy. "we must make it clear in the democratic platform that we're opposed to the tpp getting on the floor of the congress.but we don't need change based on the demagogy, bigotry and anti-immigrant sentiment that punctuated much of the leave campaign’s rhetoric.the global economy is not working for the majority of people in our country and the world. we need real change.rt @nytopinion: .@berniesanders: the rejection of globalization that powered brexit could happen in the u.s.  the democratic party needs to make clear that we stand with those who are struggling and who have been left behind. the united states of america should not treat puerto rico like a colony. that's not a radical idea."""physics is a poor negotiating partner. it does not compromise and it is uninterested in battleground states.""when we talk about the measure of a “great nation,” it’s not the number of billionaires, but how we treat the most vulnerable amongst us..@erickingsonny is a long-time fighter to protect social security. help him win his primary in new york today: rt @gunnelswarren: we will work with a large grassroots movement in support of an amendment to the democratic platform to #stoptpp. we must end our grotesque level of income and wealth inequality whereby  individuals own more wealth than the bottom half of america.they tell us the only thing we can get is incremental change. we tell them: no thanks. we're thinking big and demanding real change.this political revolution is not about bernie sanders or anybody else. it's about you and millions of voters. you are the revolutionaries."every year air pollution is responsible for . million deaths and it's getting worse. we must take bold action now.help create real change by electing progressives with congressional primaries tomorrow. call voters in new york: what do we want? we want a government of the people, by the people and for the people. today scotus reaffirmed a woman's access to a safe and legal abortion as a constitutional right. a victory for women across america.it is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work. we've gotta move forward and pass the paycheck fairness act into law.the american people are angry. but we must not succumb to the bigotry and divisiveness of donald trump and others like him.we must take on the greed and power of corporate america, and create a government and an economy that works for all, not just the  percent.unfettered free trade has made multi-national corporations more profitable while leading to the loss of millions of good-paying jobs.we must build upon this great progress and continue the fight for full equality for the lgbtq community.on this day last year, the supreme court breathed life into the words engraved in the building’s marble pediment: ‘equal justice under law.’the middle class in the united states has been in decline for  years while there has been a huge increase in income and wealth inequality."we need to create a democratic party which fights for working families and not just wealthy campaign contributors.what the mainstream media has got to understand is that they are far removed from the reality of where many american people are.despite what the establishment thinks in talking to each other, it turns out that ordinary americans want real change.rt @cnnsotu: this sunday on #cnnsotu: @berniesanders joins @jaketapper to discuss the state of the  race. "our job is to pass the most progressive platform in the history of the democratic party. we need to start engaging in political office at every level – from the school board on up. well, you responded... "it's long past time we opened up the military to openly transgender people. happy to see this step toward equality."never lose your sense of outrage.i don't want you to think you're courageous radicals. you are not. turns out that our ideas are mainstream and supported by millions people."i'm disappointed and dismayed that allies of hillary clinton beat back democratic party platform proposals on trade.we're not gonna allow the corporate media to define the issues for us. it's up to us to talk about reality in america.rt @billy_gendell: for those still following: here's some dank language on wall st reform that is now in the democrat's draft platfrom "my supporters are smart enough to know that we do not want a bigot to become president of the united states. cc: @realdonaldtrump"america needs you to run!  not only do we need to fix our broken immigration system, we also need to end the rigged economy that's destroying our middle class.my father’s story, my story, the modern immigrant’s story is the story of america – and it is a story that must be celebrated, not reviled.this is not about me. it is, and has to be, about us. rt @politico: #watch live: @berniesanders' "where we go from here” speech today we are spending $ billion a year locking up . million americans, disproportionately african-american, latino, and native-american.it is time to stop building jails and invest in the future. our young people should be working or in school, not rotting in a jail cell."rt @colbertlateshow: tonight! @berniesanders is not on the trump train. #lssc"our country needs somebody who brings us together, not divides us up. hispanic women in this country don’t need just  cents compared to men – they need the whole damn dollar."#tbt to bernie talking about the political revolution and giving power back to the average american in .this decision reaffirms that our nation is stronger when we create a more diverse and inclusive environment. senate republicans must stop playing politics and confirm a ninth justice to the supreme court.we cannot let their future, and the future of so many more vulnerable people, fall into the bigoted hands of donald trump.today's deadlocked immigration ruling means that more than  million aspiring americans will be left waiting for much-needed answers.tune in to cbs tonight at : edt for bernie on the @colbertlateshow! join us to hear what comes next for our campaign and our political revolution today in nyc. rsvp:   #ourrevolutionwe must end the current deportation machine in america. the rounding up of families that happened around christmas time must end."my supporters and i want real change in this country. here’s what we want:in my view, now is the time to recognize that there is another option to help the people of puerto rico, not just austerity. #naleoconfwe spend $ billion a year locking up . million americans, disproportionately african-american, latino and native-american. #naleoconftrump's divisive rhetoric is unacceptable and must be rejected. we don’t need a wall and barbed wire; we need to fix our immigration system.i have seen the sadness of families torn apart by a broken immigration system in the united states. this human suffering has got to end.rt @naleo: happening now: presidential candidate @berniesanders at #naleoconf! more than . million latinos are expected to vote this n…rt @dfaaction: state by state, candidates like @erickingsonny are working to bring #ourrevolution to washington. #cny #uniteblue "it is time to expand social security, not cut it.the republican party now controls both the governors’ mansions and statehouses in  states. that is just unacceptable.call voters for @zephyrteachout:  election days come and go. but political and social revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end. rt @scottbix: thirty-one years ago, @berniesanders proclaimed "gay pride day" in burlington. .@realdonaldtrump's agenda of tax cuts for the rich, lower wages and divisive, bigoted rhetoric is contrary to everything we stand for.we must aggressively combat climate change by moving to energy efficiency and sustainable energy and imposing a tax on carbon.rt @naleo: democratic presidential candidate @berniesanders to address #naleoconf in washington d.c.  "this is the energy we need to transform the democratic party, take on special interests and transform our country.the democratic party needs a -state strategy. we may not win in every state tomorrow but we must provide resources to these states.sadly, the current democratic leadership has turned its back on dozens of states and allowed right-wing politicians to win elections.we must resist all efforts to cut social security. instead, we've gotta fight to expand benefits for our seniors and disabled veterans.the greed, recklessness and illegal behavior on wall street has got to end. it's up to us to end it for them.we must defeat the trans-pacific partnership and make certain that it does not get a vote in a lame-duck session of congress.from flint, michigan to california we have communities unable to drink the polluted water that comes out of their faucets. in the year .the reality is that today millions of our fellow americans are working at starvation wages.our brave young men and women in the military should not thrown into perpetual warfare in wars we should not be fighting.health care is a right, not a privilege. it's time for the united states to implement a single-payer system like medicare for all.we must ban fracking if we want to protect our water supply.it’s not very hard to understand that potential terrorists, criminals and the dangerously mentally ill should not have access to guns.these proposals are commonsense. it is incomprehensible as to why republicans would oppose them. #disarmhate  america has always been a beacon of hope for those fleeing violence and persecution. we cannot turn our backs on refugees. #worldrefugeedayour welcoming nature has been a point of pride for decades: we believe in helping all refugees from around the world. #worldrefugeedaywe can't allow guns to fall into the hands of people who shouldn't have them and that includes those on the terror watch list.it's long past time to end the gun show loophole and expand instant background checks.today, millions of bright young kids are struggling with suffocating levels of student debt. as a nation we must end that disgrace."rt @tim_canova: i’m tim canova and i’m challenging wasserman schultz in the democratic primary for florida’s rd district. ama!why is it that in the richest country on earth we are experiencing the highest level of childhood poverty of almost any major country?real change happens when tens of millions of people say “enough is enough” and become engaged in the fight for justice.today the  wealthiest people own more wealth than the bottom  million. we must end this grotesque level of income inequality.why is it that our native american brothers and sisters on some reservations have a life expectancy lower than many third-world countries?it is a disgrace that hundreds of thousands of bright young people are unable to go to college because their families lack the income.happy fathers day! "we must resist efforts to cut social security and, in fact, expand benefits for our seniors and disabled veterans.in many inner cities, kids now stand a greater chance of ending up in jail than ending up with a college degree. that's gotta end.we must compete effectively in a global economy by making public colleges and universities tuition-free.we must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country on earth and move toward real criminal justice reform.we must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right and not a privilege.current leadership has allowed right-wing politicians to win elections in some states with virtually no opposition. we must pass comprehensive immigration reform and provide a path toward citizenship for  million undocumented people.we must ensure that women will no longer make  cents on the dollar compared to men and that we fight for pay equity.we must fight to make certain that women throughout the country have the right to control their own bodies."bernie supporters want to run for office in: 🐦 % of state house districts 🐦 % of state senate districts &amp;🐦 every u.s. house district."if we are serious about criminal justice reform, we must remove marijuana from the federal controlled substances act.i find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on wall street get off scot free.as i have said throughout this campaign, the democratic party must support raising the federal minimum wage to $ an hour.we must ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons, end the gun show loophole and expand instant background checks.my hope is that when future historians look back on the campaign of  they will say that is where it all began. thank you #ourrevolutionplease go to my website at  to learn more about how you can effectively run for office. #ourrevolutionwe must start engaging at the local and state level in an unprecedented way. #ourrevolution fact: since , some  legislative seats have been lost to republicans in state after state. #ourrevolution the political revolution means more than fighting for our ideals at the democratic national convention and defeating trump. #ourrevolutioni look forward to working with @hillaryclinton in the coming weeks. this campaign is about defeating @realdonaldtrump, the republican candidate for president. #ourrevolution this campaign has never been about any single candidate. it is about transforming america. #ourrevolutionspecial thanks to the students struggling with loans, seniors on social security, workers earning low wages &amp; the unemployed. #ourrevolution"unprecedented: ✅ . million people donated to our movement ✅ with over  million contributions✅ at an average of $.#ourrevolution"something extraordinarily important happened in this campaign – something that i had not anticipated. #ourrevolution rt @youtube: [live] @berniesanders addresses his supporters to discuss the road ahead.  when we began this campaign nobody thought we were going anywhere. a lot has changed. #ourrevolution the political revolution must continue into the future. #ourrevolution election days come and go. but political revolutions that attempt to transform our society never end. #ourrevolution #ourrevolution continues tonight with bernie sanders' live online address to his supporters at : pm et. you should not be able to walk into a gun store and purchase assault weapons. these type of weapons should be banned."in just a few hours i will speak to my supporters in an online video address. i very much hope that you'll join us:over  million children in america today are poor — more than  percent of all of the kids living in america today.almost every country in the world has at least  days of paid vacation per year, except the united states.it is a national disgrace that billionaires are able to heavily influence the political process by making huge contributions.millions of americans are working longer hours for lower wages. they are overworked, underpaid and under enormous stress."the future of our political revolution depends on you. will you join us for a live online, video address? this movement is sending a message to the billionaire class: you can’t have it all. this is our country too.in my view, every worker in america should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave."rt @berniesanders: no president can do it alone. that's why i'm endorsing progressives rep. @repmarcykaptur and rep. @ricknolanmn.rt @davidfbowen: rsvp to hear bernie's live video address tomorrow:  &gt;goal always must be something bigger than your…we need real reform within the democratic party. and that means open primaries.the idea that in the state of new york  million people could not participate in helping select the democratic nominee is incomprehensible.the political revolution continues. join us on thursday to discuss what's next: thank you to everyone in d.c. who went out to vote and thank you all for your support!we know that one hateful person committed a heinous crime, not an entire people. to blame an entire religion is nothing less than bigotry.these types of weapons, without a doubt, should be banned.the idea that weapons designed to do one thing – kill people by the dozens – should be sold and distributed in our country is absurd.vote to help move this country in a different direction. polls are open until  pm. we must get rid of superdelegates. the fact that we had  superdelegates pledged eight months before the first ballot was cast is absurd.we have to replace the current dnc leadership. we need someone who vigorously supports bringing people into the political process."this decision ensures that big corporations will not be able to put a price tag on the free flow of ideas.rt @penningtonkm: join @berniesanders and tens of thousands of volunteers and supporters for a national address thursday at :pm et: rt @abcpolitics: watch live: @berniesanders holds press conference in washington d.c.  "we know that one hateful person committed this terrible crime — not an entire people or an entire religion. the political revolution continues. bernie will address supporters on thursday. sign up for the live stream: everyone who votes in the d.c. primary will make a difference. do you have a voting plan today? nevada – send the message today that yes, we are going to move this country in a progressive direction. go vote.  rt @marcy_kaptur: thank you @berniesanders. honored to fight alongside you against nafta, iraq war, and the wall street bailout.   make our country work for everyone, not just a handful of billionaires. let’s bring it home. washington, d.c. – go vote. #feelthebernmy plan: break up big banks, close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share. then we can expand health care and make college free.rt @laurenblanch: . @berniesanders stands with faith leaders of burlington, vt. event organized by pride center of vermont rt @jacknecn: &gt;@berniesanders tells hometown crowd "one hateful person committed this crime -- not an entire religion." #vt washington, d.c. – on tuesday, june , you will have the chance to stand up and be heard. it is an embarrassment that some politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change."no president can do it alone. that's why i'm endorsing progressives rep. @repmarcykaptur and rep. @ricknolanmn."washington, d.c.'s primary takes place tomorrow, june  – the last one of this presidential nominating process."it is morally wrong that washington, d.c.'s residents lack voting representation in congress.from what is now known, this was a terrorist act by an isis sympathizer. that despicable and barbaric organization must be destroyed.all americans are horrified, disgusted and saddened by the horrific atrocity in orlando. full statement: rt @nbcnewspr: "it's horrific, it's unthinkable," says @berniesanders on #orlandoshooting this morning on @meetthepress. #mtp #orlandosome of us believe that what god teaches is to not turn our backs on our brothers and our sisters, that essentially we are in this together.our economy works for wall street because it’s rigged by wall street. as long as washington's bought, our economy won't work for the people.universal health care is an idea that has been supported by democratic presidents going back to franklin roosevelt and harry truman.we must lead the world in working with china, russia, india and the international community to break our energy dependence on fossil fuel.millions of lives are being wrecked, families are being torn apart and we are spending huge sums of taxpayer money by locking people up.we must not succumb to bigotry. we must do what we do best as americans – fight racism, fight xenophobia and fight fear.a job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. the current federal minimum wage of $. an hour is a starvation wage.we cannot continue to send our jobs to china and other low-wage countries when millions of americans need work.more than one-third of our senior citizens rely on social security for virtually all of their income. we must expand benefits, not cut them.rt @cnnsotu: this sunday on #cnnsotu: @berniesanders joins @jaketapper just days after meeting with president obama. we must end the over-incarceration of nonviolent americans in our country.instead of cutting head start and childcare, we need to move to a universal pre-k system for all children. rt @gunnelswarren: i don’t think that we can amend or tinker around the edges with the trans-pacific partnership. we need to kill it. it is not good enough to talk about public education being kindergarten to th grade anymore. we need to make public colleges tuition-free.our job is to bring the american people together to create a government that works for us, not the  percent.rt @cspan: .@berniesanders campaigns in washington, dc – live shortly on c-span  but you all know it is more than bernie sanders. it is all of us together. millions of people from coast to coast coming together.when millions of americans are working longer hours for lower wages, we won't allow  percent of all new income to go to the top  percent.i'm horrified by yesterday's terrorist attack in tel aviv. my thoughts are with the victims' families and all of those harmed.the american people know that it is not acceptable that the top tenth of  percent owns as much wealth as the bottom  percent.our mission is more than just defeating trump. it is transforming our country. people want something to vote for rather than just against.the american people will never support a candidate whose major theme is bigotry. we will not allow donald trump to become president.we will not allow right-wing republicans to control our government. that is especially true with donald trump as the republican candidate.young people understand that they are the future of america, and they intend to help shape that future.we have won  state elections with over  million votes and in virtually every state, we've won in big numbers the votes of young people.when we began this campaign we were considered to be a fringe campaign. over the last year, i think that has changed just a little bit.we must always remember that change almost never happens from the top down, it happens from the bottom up.we are in this together. thank you new mexico, california, south dakota, north dakota, new jersey and montana! #notmeusmontana – thank you all. the struggle continues! rt @msnbc: watch live: bernie sanders addresses california supporters on primary night  #decisionthank you to the thousands of supporters who came out to vote for the political revolution in new jersey today!thank you north dakota! you still have time to run to your voting location before polls close. get out and vote! #primaryday we need your help to win in ca, nd, sd, mt, nj and nm today! make calls to voters now: north dakota: today we caucus. get to your caucus by  pm. if there's a large voter turnout, we will win. join history in the making.mis profundas condolencias a la familia chávez ante el fallecimiento de helen chávez, gran líder y defensora de los trabajadores del campo.my profound condolences to the chávez family on the passing of helen chávez, great leader and activist for farmworker's rights. #sisepuededefy the pundits again and reach for a high voter turnout that'll shock the establishment. grab your friends and go vote. #primarydayi'm asking you to support strong progressive allies like @erickingsonny and @clemcongress. help elect them: california: hoy el establecimiento no podrá ignorar tu voz. vota por nuestro movimiento. ¿preguntas? llámanos. california: send the establishment a message they can’t ignore. vote for our movement. questions? call our hotline. california, montana, new jersey, new mexico, south dakota and north dakota – your turn to vote for the revolution! pundits and the political press wanna call this race early before every person votes. let's show them we ain't gonna let it happen. go vote.california – today you can send a message that this country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires. go vote. #primarydaymontana: your polls are open. don't settle for a rigged economy held in place by a corrupt campaign finance system. vote bernie! #primarydaynew mexico – your polls are open until  pm. go out and vote for real change, not the same old, same old establishment politics. #primarydaysouth dakota and new jersey – your polls are open. show the country that it is too late for establishment politics. please go vote.california – you vote tomorrow, june . questions or issues? call or email our hotline. ca, mt, nj, nm, sd and nd: are you ready to vote tomorrow? find your voting location: i am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and too late for establishment economics. we need real change.ready for a political revolution? get out and vote tomorrow! text vote to  for voting information. we must recreate our criminal justice system, but we cannot do that as long as corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration.rt @symonedsanders: live on #periscope: community conversation with dr west and danny glover we need bold change in our criminal justice system. a good first step forward is to start treating prisoners as human beings.ramadan mubarak to all our muslim sisters and brothers.with so much violence already in the world, i just don't think the state itself should be killing people. i'm against capital punishment.california, montana, new jersey, new mexico, south dakota and north dakota – you vote tomorrow, june . make a plan: rt @brooklynyarn: we've just been added to this event on june th in san francisco! @berniesanders, @davematthewsbnd &amp; more! raids are not the answer. we cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.it's irresponsible that my opponent justifies sending children back to terribly violent countries as a way to "send a message."it is more important to rebuild the flint water system and our school system than to give tax breaks to profitable corporations.if you care about clean water in flint, how can you turn around and support fracking? we need to put an end to fracking across our country."it is time to say enough is enough. it is time to end religious bigotry.puerto rico — ¡tu voto es tu voz! si ya estás en el centro de votación, quédate ahí hasta que puedas votar. #primariaspuerto rico — llegó tu turno de votar por nuestro movimiento. lleva a tu familia y amigos y asegúrense de votar. "hermanas y hermanos en puerto rico: sus voces deben ser escuchadas hoy. salgan a votar. rt @cnnsotu: @berniesanders says clinton is wrong on fracking: “she thinks we can ‘regulate’ it… she pushed fracking in other countries...”…"when people have something to vote for rather than just against, progressives and democrats win."while california is in a drought, we are injecting k gallons of clean water for every fracked well.rt @kthomasdc: more than , at @berniesanders rally outside la coliseum. """i spent almost half of my life in prison. i was a dreamer. i was . my mustache had just grown in."" – chris wilson"we must do all we can to provide a pathway to citizenship for the  million aspiring americans living in the u.s.we must protect children fleeing to the u.s. from violence in central america, not use them to "send a message." rt @kthomasdc: .@berniesanders walking streets of huntington park. "there's an election on tuesday. we need your help!" i applaud president obama on his historic support for expanding social security. rt @cspan: .@berniesanders campaigns in los angeles - live at pm et on c-span  rt @clairesandberg: bernie kicks off canvassing in la, gives a huge shoutout to the vols who have made over  mil calls since jan! we’re in the final stretch. today’s the day to make sure you’re taking action:  progressives and democrats win elections when people are energized, when they are prepared to stand up and fight to transform america.rt @cenkuygur: every vote @berniesanders gets is vote for the progressive movement and makes that movement stronger.winning ca would be hug…my plan to expand social security would increase benefits by about $, annually for seniors scraping by on less than $, a year."rt @kalpenn: good luck in tuesday's california primary, @berniesanders! #feelthebern volunteer:  "our task this weekend is simple: call every single bernie supporter we can and make sure they have a plan to vote:muhammad ali was the greatest, not only an extraordinary athlete but a man of great courage and humanity."rt @lacoliseum: presidential candidate @berniesanders will speak at the lamc's olympic plaza tomorrow, june th. more info visit: "through an extraordinary grassroots movement we beat back the effort to cut social security. bernie going for the full california experience at in-n-out! our job is to take on wall street, not take their money.join bernie in san francisco for a gotv concert featuring special musical guests. rsvp here:  #sfforbernie"last week marked the one year anniversary of this campaign. join us for a trip down memory lane.rt @nbcbayarea: watch live: bernie sanders to speak at rally in fairfield  republicans hate the government – unless you’re a woman. then they love the government dictating what you can do with your own body."if you're doing everything right but find it harder and harder to get by, you're not alone.rt @cnnsotu: sunday on #cnnsotu: @berniesanders joins @jaketapper to discuss the state of the race ahead of tuesday's contests. en una noche cualquiera, casi , personas no tienen hogar en estados unidos. esa es una vergüenza nacional.we need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities, including in the training academies and leadership.the american people overwhelmingly tell us they want to expand social security. with your support, that’s exactly what we’re going to do."americans need a president who will think about their future , ,  years down the line. someone with judgement.rt @sahilkapur: new: obama’s call to expand social security shows sanders’ clout @erikaandiola i’ll be in fairfield and santa rosa today, viviana. hope to see you there!i have to say that i am delighted that sec. clinton month after month seems to be adopting more of the positions that we have advocated.we must not allow our children to be poisoned by toxic drinking water just so a handful of fossil fuel companies can make even more profits.rt @reutersbiz: sanders to offer puerto rico debt bill that would protect pensioners  the last  years in california have been the driest on record forcing modesto, ca to reduce its water consumption by more than  percent.desde , puerto rico ha perdido casi , empleos, resultando en una reducción del % en su fuerza laboral.what happens if we don't act boldly to combat climate change? the cia says that a warming planet will increase international instability.i will make it a priority that the united states lead the world in combatting climate change. that's what we need: leadership on this issue.call voters in california, new jersey and new mexico and help get bernie supporters to the polls tuesday! if we do not boldly transform our energy system, it will mean even more drought, and the last thing that california needs is more drought."this is the story of chris wilson, and his path back into society.climate change is a global crisis. we've got to move in a bold way to transform our energy system. live press conf.: climate change is real, it's caused by human activity and it's already causing devastating problems in the u.s. and around the world.rt @univisionpr: bernie sanders propone ayuda de . millones y referéndum para puerto rico unlike donald trump, californians understand better than anyone that climate change is real because they see it with their own eyes.when we talk about our responsibilities as human beings, there is nothing more important than leaving our planet healthy for our children.while congress has not been able to end the greed of big pharma, the people of ca can by voting for the california drug price relief act.rt @ozomatli: #feelthebern #california @berniesanders since , big pharma has spent more than $ billion on lobbying. over $ billion more than the insurance industry which came in nd place.let me be as clear as i can be: if i am elected president we will work together on a nationwide ban on fracking. we must #keepitintheground.it’s laughable that trump now says he’s going to turn the gop into a “worker’s party.” how about you start by not trying to rip them off?as president, i'd make sure everyone can get a college education regardless of income and i'd work hard to shut down these predatory scams.trump's latest scam demonstrates why we need free tuition at public universities. higher education should be a right.the state of vermont was the first state to end fracking and if i have anything to say about it, we're gonna end it in the other  as well.if trump gave a damn about people who are working hard to get by, why would he found this fake scam university?"ha llegado la hora de descolonizar a puerto ricothis month we celebrate the right to love one another regardless of gender and the fight for equality for lgbt people. happy #pridemonth!in the senate, i worked with sen. boxer to end extraction of all fossil fuels on public lands. we cannot put california’s beaches at risk.offshore fracking has the potential to pollute the ocean with toxic fluid, hurt the environment, and harm our beaches. unacceptable.hillary clinton worked to export fracking throughout the world to reward companies like chevron and halliburton. that is unacceptable.rt @abcpolitics: live: @berniesanders talks with asian-american and pacific islander leaders in palo alto, ca  sec. clinton does not support a ban on fracking. instead, she would simply impose a few more regulations on it. not good enough.we need to implement a nationwide ban on fracking – period. and, that’s exactly what i will fight for as president.we need to put an end to fracking all over this country. tune in to our press conference on fracking: "if i am elected president we will work together on a nationwide ban on fracking.secretary clinton and i have differences of opinion on many issues. in no area are our differences stronger than fracking.when we pass medicare for all, everyone will have the freedom to go to the doctor when they need to without worrying about going bankrupt.you know what was called “socialized medicine” in ? medicare. now widely regarded one of the best government programs ever established.join bernie tomorrow for a rally in palo alto, ca with guests rep. tulsi gabbard and emily ratajkowski. rsvp here: rt @maryaliceparks:  days until california votes! i'm at @berniesanders' nd rally today in monterey. it's a gorgeous night. live here-htt…these are people adding their contributions before today's final fec deadline. chip in:  i do think that we can fulfill the legacy of presidents f.d.r., truman, and l.b.j. and guarantee health care for all people as a right.every day, the corporate-controlled media and the political establishment tell us: think small. well, you know what? we're gonna think big.it makes no sense to continue to spend far more per capita than do the people of any other nation on health care and get far worse outcomes.how does it happen that the united states is the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care to all people as a right?the affordable care act, which i helped write, has done some good things. but even with those improvements, we have got to do more.today is one of the most important days of our campaign: the final fec deadline of the primary. will you chip in? rt @janekim: getting ready for my ama today at am! come and join the conversation  #runjanerun #feelthebern"today  million people are still uninsured or underinsured. watch bernie discuss our health care crisis live here:last week marked the one year anniversary of this campaign. join us for a trip down memory lane. we must enlist farmers as partners in promoting conservation and stewardship to keep our air and water clean and to combat climate change.last week, golden state was down three games to one. tonight, they finished off a great comeback in california. i like comebacks.it’s coming down to the wire! excited to see how this one ends. rt @latenightseth: don’t miss tonight’s #lnsm with @berniesanders, @thesavionglover and music from @brandicarlile! the growing body of evidence tells us that fracking is a danger to our water supply – our most precious resource. #keepitinthegroundit is unacceptable that the top % of farms collect % of farm subsidies, while the bottom % do not receive any subsidies.rt @laopinionla: bernie sanders acabará con deportaciones que desgarran a nuestras familias  the situation in flint is a tragedy. all over this country our infrastructure is collapsing, including in the central valley here in ca.we must never take lightly the decision to send our sons and daughters to battle, and it must always be the last resort.our men and women in uniform take an oath to defend our constitution and many have made the ultimate sacrifice for it.today we honor all of the service members who sacrificed their lives for our great country. #memorialdaywe must end inhumane deportation programs and racial profiling that have turned local law enforcement officials into immigration officers.private, for-profit detention centers are making record breaking profits every year locking people up and holding immigrants in detention.we must not allow our children to be poisoned by toxic drinking water just so a handful of fossil fuel companies can make even more profits.rt @alpunto: #alpunto @berniesanders dice que su candidatura es la mejor opción para enfrentarse a trump "california, every vote counts. it's time to take back our democracy from the political establishment on june .we're within striking distance of a victory in california on june . help us win by making calls to voters: while california is in a serious drought, we are injecting k gallons of clean water, on average, into the ground for every fracked well." percent of the people who live within a quarter mile of an oil or gas well in los angeles are people of color.too many farmworkers today aren’t getting the work breaks they need and in some instances they're having their wages stolen by employers."looks like bakersfield is ready for a political revolution!if the american people become more engaged in the political process, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.rt @nprpolitics: be like bernie: sanders looks to spread his political wealth special interest donors are many things – dummies they are not. they know exactly who and what they want to influence.rt @alpunto: ¡vamos al punto! comenzamos con la entrevista de @leonkrauze con @berniesanders if we win california, it'll be because there is a large voter turnout. we are striking a nerve, and more people are getting involved.i am blown away by the fact that since we began this campaign one year ago we have received over  million individual contributions.demanding that the wealthy and the powerful start paying their fair share of taxes – that’s exactly what the american people want.there is no reason why women are making  cents on the dollar compared to men. women want the whole damn dollar and they're right!"sólo un candidato está dispuesto a defender a puerto rico y enfrentar a wall street.rt @dannyefreeman: it appears this @berniesanders santa barbara rally remembered the candidate's wedding anniversary. happy anniversary, @janeosanders! we need to invest in help for people with substance abuse problems so that they end up in treatment, not prison.rt @realtimers: you can always count on @berniesanders for some #realtalk. he's back for his th #realtime appearance tonight @ ! the fact of the matter is that senior citizens are struggling to pay for their medication while big pharma is making billions in profits.we have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.here's a radical idea: if you work  hours a week, you should not be living in poverty.we need to elect leaders who share our values. split a contribution with @russfeingold and our campaign: if you want a campaign that can defeat trump and defeat him badly, we are that campaign.rt @msnbc: watch live: @berniesanders holds a rally in san pedro, california  "rt @revolttv: .@berniesanders discussed issues such as student debt &amp; more during 'a social conversation with bernie'#revoltvote"add your name if you want to see a #bernietrumpdebate on the major issues before california's primary on june . we need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.we need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.the middle class should not be subsidizing the wealthiest family in america just because the waltons are too cheap to pay a living wage!if current trends continue, one in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. this is a tragedy.america is not supposed to be a country where the top  percent owns almost as much as the bottom  percent.we're taking the political revolution to pomona, ca today. doors open at : pm. rsvp here:  #bernieintheiert @jeffdsachs: why bernie sanders easily wins the policy debate! rt @foxla: vermont sen. @berniesanders speaks at campaign rally at ventura college. watch live: i am delighted that @realdonaldtrump has agreed to debate. let’s do it in the biggest stadium possible.we have got to end corporate prisons and detention centers. it is a perverse incentive to make more money by locking up more americans.tune in live to a conversation with bernie and @revolttv happening now: rt @iamdiddy: tune in today at :am pt / :pm et for a social conversation w/ @berniesanders @voteamericanow &amp; @revolttv!! rt @huffpostpol: bernie sanders fundraises for progressive u.s. senate candidate russ feingold ⏩  by @aterkel  today i am proud to endorse my friend @russfeingold for u.s. senate. join me in supporting progressive democrats: rt @revolttv: tune in today at :p et/:a pt for a social conversation w/ @berniesanders! don't miss out! #revoltvote say you support preventing the worst effects of climate change through the keep it in the ground act. add your name: our message to wall street is simple: you cannot have it all! this country belongs to all of us, not just the wealthy and special interests.rt @sfchronicle: editorial: #clinton breaks a #california promise.  game on. i look forward to debating donald trump in california before the june  primary."the california drug price relief act would lower prices for aids treatments. let's stand up to big pharma.rt @markruffalo: just  of the many reasons why i #feelthebern. @berniesanders is % the real deal #notmeus  a rigged economy is when the top / of  percent owns as much as the bottom  percent.bernie just endorsed eight progressives for state legislatures across the country. say you support them too: rt @serjtankian: new article i did w/@rollingstone about @berniesanders &amp; the american political system.go vote in upcoming primaries "rt @nowthisnews: .@berniesanders is actually outpolling @hillaryclinton is multiple head-to-head match-ups with donald trumpdonald trump and his friends should realize that their bigotry is the past, not the future.a rigged economy is when the twenty wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom  million americans.saddened to hear about the passing of our nh steering committee member marcia moody. rest in peace. partner with @jeffmerkley and me to fight climate change by supporting the keep it in the ground act. watch bernie live at the future to believe in rally in cathedral city here:  #bernieintheiert @gunnelswarren: if the fed can bail out huge wall street banks, it can alleviate the humanitarian crisis in puerto rico. a $ trillion investment in infrastructure could create  million decent paying jobs. we need to invest in infrastructure, not more war."the struggle for equality continues today in america. i am proud to stand as an ally of the lgbt community.rt @georgelopez: it is insulting to the people of california that sec. clinton is not willing to debate and address the major crises that this country faces."if we are truly serious about leaving a planet that is habitable for our grandchildren, we must #keepitintheground!thousands have come out to our rally in san bernardino tonight. tune in live here:  #bernieintheieyoung people are figuring out that they are the future of this country, and they damn well want to help shape the future of this country.rt @kthomasdc: "i appreciate people saying bernie bernie bernie ... it ain't bernie bernie bernie. it's you you you." _ @berniesanders"california, it’s a long way to washington, but you can send a message they can’t ignore. vote for bernie on june .bernie is taking the political revolution to the inland empire. tune in to bernie live in riverside:  #bernieintheie"rt @janekim: thank you @berniesanders for endorsing my campaign for ca state senate! #feelthebern  "the political revolution isn't just the presidency. say you support real progressives up and down the ballot:the time is long overdue to ensure that all workers in this country have access to paid family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation time."virtually every poll taken in the last two months has me doing better against trump than hillary clinton. i am endorsing eight progressive candidates for state legislatures across this country. chip in to help elect them: "we must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding.what i saw at the us-mexico border was the fact that you've got children on one side and their mothers on the other. that's wrong.what i beg of you is to think big, not small. we can end the tragedy that is  million americans living without health insurance.when children come from war-torn countries in central america, our job is to give them freedom and security here in the united states.california – there isn't much time to register to vote for bernie! only a few hours left. register here right now: "rt @mrdannyglover: california voters have a few hours left! the deadline for ca voter registration is :pm tonight! #caforbernie"i am disappointed but not surprised by secretary clinton’s unwillingness to debate before the largest primary. "rt @heathermatarazz: join me and @cenkuygur tomorrow to introduce the future we believe in, @berniesanders #bernieinanaheim #caforbernie h…"only a few hours left to register to vote for bernie in california on june th! register now: south dakotans: you must be registered as a democrat or independent today to vote for bernie! register here: tune in live as bernie takes the political revolution to east los angeles:  #bernieineastlaif anyone thinks that bernie alone will be able to take on the powerful interests, you are mistaken. we are in this together! #notmeusrt @laopinionla: .@berniesanders con deportados en la valla fronteriza, intensifica campaña en california  everybody knows that we are living in a competitive global economy. so why are we punishing our people for getting a college education?california – to vote for bernie on june th you must be registered by today! register right now: you are the reason that we are the best campaign to defeat trump. it’s your energy, excitement, and grassroots activism making it possible.corporate media wants you to think small, to think that we cannot provide education and healthcare for all. i strongly disagree!we're gonna tell the billionaire class that they are not gonna get more tax breaks while americans struggle to buy bread for their families!rt @cenkuygur: when my kids ask, "where were you daddy during the #politicalrevolution?" i'll get to say i was standing next to @sensanders…too many americans are worried about how they are going to pay for the gas to get to work. people are struggling. people are hurting."shop the limited edition poster collection at the bernie store today!it is not good enough to talk about public education being kindergarten to th grade anymore. we need to make public colleges tuition-free.california – if you want to vote for bernie in june, you have to register by tomorrow. do it now:  #registerforbernietogether, we're going to end our current deportation policies. our approach to immigration should be to unite families, not divide families."we need representatives who know we cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. support @tim_canova:"we are in this together, brothers and sisters! #notmeuswhen people don’t come out to vote, republicans win. when people stand up and turn out to vote in large numbers, democrats win.rt @abcpolitics: .@berniesanders asks superdelegates to consider which candidate could best defeat donald trump. #thisweek rt @cnnsotu: .@berniesanders endorses opponent of rep. wasserman schultz and says if he is elected president he will not re-appoint her as…rt @cnnsotu: sanders: "there’s something absurd when i get % of the delegates that come from real contests, real elections &amp; % of super…rt @cnnsotu: .@berniesanders: "what the dem leadership has got to understand is that not all of my supporters go to these fancy fundraising…substance abuse – alcoholism or drug abuse – is not a criminal issue, it is a health issue. we must understand this as a nation.bernie at friendship park, a meeting place for separated families between the u.s. and mexico. the fossil fuel industry tells us that we cannot move aggressively to combat climate change. but that is precisely what we will do.we all agree that donald trump would be a disaster for this country. he must be defeated, and i am the strongest candidate to do that."democracy is not a complicated process. it is one person, one vote. not billionaires buying elections.as of today, we have now had victories in  states, and with your help on june , we’re gonna win new mexico too! rt @cnnsotu: this sunday on #cnnsotu: @jaketapper will interview @berniesanders on the upcoming primary contests and more. rt @msnbc: live now: @berniesanders campaigns in new mexico  nearly all the polls agree: if you want a democrat who's gonna defeat trump in november, you're looking at him. help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. join connect.  #notmeusamerica needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet.tuition-free public college is not a radical idea. it exists all over the world in places like germany and mexico.sólo el pueblo boricua tiene el derecho a decidir el futuro de puerto rico, no los multimillonarios de wall street. we must stop treating puerto rico like a colony and start treating the people of puerto rico with the respect and dignity that they deserve.we cannot allow an unelected control board handpicked by republicans to determine the fate of puerto rico! nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the family and medical leave act cannot do so because they can’t afford it.teachers are doing the most important work in america. they deserve to have recognition, respect and better pay.the revolution starts by getting millions of people involved in our movement. text your friends with our new app: the only way change takes place is when people come together, stand up and fight back to say that the status quo is unacceptable.rt @drew_mc: we're highlighting how @berniesanders is powering the political revolution. truly inspiring campaign! "it's strange and undemocratic that  superdelegates backed clinton even before we got into the race. icymi: we have got to tell corporate america that if they want us to buy their products, they damn well better manufacture them in america.we need a living wage of $ an hour, so that if you’re working  hours a week you are living with security and dignity.nationally, we have more people in jail than any other country on earth. $ billion a year locking up . million people.if everyone who supports bernie puts in an hour to call californians, we'll have a huge impact. sign up for a shift: sanders campaign statement on clinton’s comments it's unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax.california – if you want to vote for the political revolution, you have gotta register by monday. do it right now: americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick because politicians won't challenge the drug lobby.our country should be investing in jobs and education for our young people, not more jails and incarceration.as president, i will end the subsidies that benefit fossil fuel companies. it is absurd to provide taxpayer money to pad the industry.rt @dannyefreeman: check out this @berniesanders vallejo, ca crowd. people still filing in through the metal detectors. tune in live to #bernieinvallejo, california here: "thank you to my brothers and sisters at unite here! and seiu in san francisco for standing against corporate greed!kentucky, thank you for the tremendous support that led to last night's virtual tie! we are in this until the last ballot is counted.rt @elizlanders: .@berniesanders just stopped by the unite live local , janitors' union, seiu local  protest in downtown sf "the new overtime rules are a good step forward for millions of workers who have gone too long without a raise.washington rescató a goldman sachs y a wall st de su bancarrota. el pueblo de puerto rico es más importante que ellos. debemos actuar ya.rt @msnbc: watch live: @berniesanders rallies california supporters "i will be damned if we let the republican party win the working class.i have been attacked for saying this, so let me say it again: i believe health care is a right, not a privilege.a historic moment for the united states as the first openly-gay leader of any u.s. military service. congratulations, @secarmy eric fanning.this is the beginning of the final push to win california. make sure you're ready to vote for bernie:  #caforberniei’ve said it since day one: i can’t do this alone. this campaign isn’t about me. this campaign is about us. "the democratic party has to make an important decision and i say to them: open the doors. let the people in!oregon, together we are taking on virtually all of the democratic establishment. thank you for the strong victory! tune in live as we bring the political revolution to southern california:  #caforberniewe must stand with our lgbtq brothers and sisters and end all forms of discrimination. it's simple: we are all in this together. #idahoten las últimas décadas ha habido una gran redistribución de riqueza en estados unidos. desgraciadamente, ha sido en la dirección equivocada."oregon – the single most important thing you can do today is return your ballot. find your drop box location: we need your help today to win in oregon and kentucky today! make calls to voters now: we must recommit to fulfilling the promise of brown and work to ensure that every child regardless of race has access to quality education.that number was , in . we must do more to ensure that our schools are racially and economically diverse. #brownvboardthere are , highly-segregated schools in our nation, where one percent or less of the school population is white. #brownvboard"icymi: how to provide medicare for allkentucky — it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. grab your friends and family and go out and vote. kentucky and oregon – today is your day to make sure you've voted for our movement. head to your polling location or drop box and vote.rt @ap_politics: sanders blasts 'vulture' hedge funds for demanding austerity measures on the island. rt @ap_noticias: critica @berniesanders en puerto rico a "fondos buitre".  "all over this country, native americans have suffered far too much, and for far too long. they deserve a voice.oregon – remember to return your ballot at the nearest drop box by  p.m. tomorrow.  oscar lopez rivera has served  years in prison for his commitment to puerto rico's independence. i say to president obama: let him out.firma mi petición: la reserva federal debe poner al pueblo boricua por encima de los intereses de wall street: what vulture funds on wall street are demanding is that puerto rico fire teachers and cut pensions so that they can reap huge profits."the future of puerto rico cannot be hijacked unjustly by vulture funds. read my full remarks from san juan here: rt @standupforpr: thank you @berniesanders for reiterating the demand for federal #executiveaction to help pr! #standupforpuertorico "children in puerto rico will not go hungry to make billionaires even wealthier. it is time for the fed to act.rt @gunnelswarren: bernie in puerto rico: if the federal reserve could bail out wall street, it can help the . million american citizens…rt @julito: "austerity will not solve this crisis." @berniesanders live in #puertorico right now "tune in for our san juan, puerto rico town hall live here.estamos en vivo desde san juan aquí: rt @politico: poll: majority supports sanders-like health care plan  | ap photo we deserve better than to be ripped off by big pharma. i urge clinton and trump to join me and support californians. we need to expand, not eliminate, the collective bargaining rights of all americans. when unions are strong, the middle class is strong.the extreme right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country. that is a war they cannot be allowed to win.companies should not be allowed to make a profit by keeping more americans behind bars. we must end the for-profit prison racket in america.while republicans and the koch brothers may not like it, we are going to make it easier, not harder, for american workers to form a union.rt @ajenews: polls: bernie sanders has more potential than hillary clinton to beat trump  "to win this campaign, all of us must be deeply involved. our movement needs people like you to help it succeed.americans living with hiv/aids should not live in fear of going bankrupt because of the outrageously high cost of their prescription drugs.we must address the crisis of homelessness. if we could bail out wall street, we can make sure everyone has a safe and secure place to live.here's the problem with a rigged economy – we make it, they take it. "oregon – turn in your ballot for bernie at the nearest dropbox by  p.m. on tuesday, may .rt @dannyefreeman: .@berniesanders begins his train-side kentucky rally by railing against gov matt bevin and sen mitch mcconnell. "watch bernie challenge mitch mcconnell to support legislation to save pension funds for , retired coal miners.ask president obama to use his executive authority to halt plans for raids and deportations of women and children: debemos acabar con sentencias mínimas obligatorias. demasiadas vidas han sido destruidas a causa de crímenes no-violentos.public college and university education in america must be tuition-free. we could do it  years ago, why the hell can't we do it today?"#notmeus ".@markruffalo and bernie took a walk through brooklyn, new york and talked about what it was like growing up there.it is extremely sad that the united states, one of the oldest democracies, has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country.it's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of americans without health care. any health care plan must address that issue.brothers, we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity. #bernieinnd "oregon – turn in your ballot for bernie at the nearest dropbox by  p.m. on tuesday, may ."as president, i will change the rules to stop hedge fund managers from paying a lower tax rate than nurses.rt @penningtonkm: brand new posters in the bernie store. come and get 'em.  spills like this one aren't rare. that's why we need to ban offshore drilling and #keepitintheground. i've got some bad news for trump: if i am the democratic nominee, i'm going to defeat him, and i will defeat him by very large margins.nada me gustaría más que enfrentar y vencer a donald trump, alguien que jamás debe ser presidente de este país. "we owe a great debt to the native american community. if elected president we will keep those promises."election day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote.rt @sodakdems: thank you @berniesanders for the wonderful rallies across south dakota today! i urge @potus to use his executive authority to protect families by extending temporary protective status to those who fled central america.the truth is that no president alone can do what it takes to rebuild the middle class. we need a political revolution of millions of people.rt @janeosanders: stop deportations. protect families who fled the violence in central america. extend temporary protective status. "virtually every poll has us way ahead of trump. if you want the strongest democrat to beat him, that's bernie."instead of gutting the aca, we must expand on the improvements that it has made and guarantee health care for all.rt @billy_gendell: bernie sanders pushing for dc statehood on the house floor in : at a time when over half of all older workers have no retirement savings, we’re going to expand social security.it is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working  hours a week should live in poverty.we need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free and pay for that by imposing a speculation tax on wall street.rt @msnbc: live now: @berniesanders  holds a campaign rally in billings, montana  workers are telling us that they cannot make it by on $, $ or $ an hour. we must raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $.not only do we get a lot of the democratic votes, we get a lot of the independent votes. our campaign is best suited to beat donald trump.at a time of massive wealth and income inequality, the wealthiest people in this country are gonna start paying their fair share of taxes."the california primary is just around the corner. now's the time to register to vote or update your registration."oregon – you're in the voting period for the democratic primary. have you turned in your ballot for bernie?for months, bernie has out-polled hillary clinton against donald trump, and often by extraordinarily large margins. we must break up too-big-to-fail banks, restore glass-steagall, and demand that wall street invests in the job-creating productive economy.thank you to the people of west virginia for the tremendous victory they gave us today. we need to make sure that every worker in this country has at least  weeks of paid family and medical leave.west virginia: you still have time to go vote! text wv to  to find your voting location or visit rt @bpolitics: sanders: clinton’s medicare buy-in proposal ‘not good enough’ polling continues to be clear: bernie is the strongest candidate to beat trump. "the american people understand that bringing people together will always trump dividing us up.west virginia – the single most important thing you can do today is go vote!  rt @aidshealthcare: breaking: @berniesanders endorses ca drug price relief act  new mexico – planning on voting for bernie? today is the last day to register as a democrat. check here to register: "while congress has failed to stand up to big pharma, the people of california can by supporting this initiative.rt @pramilajayapal: i'm pramila jayapal, running for congress in wa-, and endorsed by bernie sanders. ask me anything! it’s time to join every other major industrialized nation and create a universal health care system. "as president, i will set a national goal of ending the hiv epidemic in the u.s. by the year . read my plan:west virginia — the polls are open and it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. grab your friends and family and go vote.rt @cbssacramento: watch live: #berniesanders supporters are really getting into it at #bernieinsacramento  west virginia: tomorrow is your turn to vote for the political revolution. make a plan to get to your polling place: looking forward to our rally tonight in sacramento! see details and rsvp here:  #caforbernie"california – make sure you're registered as a democrat or request a democratic ballot to vote for bernie on june !transgender discrimination has no place in the world. i will do all i can to overturn this outrageous law. tune in tonight at :pm est to the @colbertlateshow. new mexico – tomorrow is the last day to register as a democrat to vote for the political revolution. register here: west virginia – send an unmistakable message tomorrow that our revolution demands more than incremental change. "thanks to @frances_fisher and @francesca_e for stopping by our los angeles hq to talk about voter registration!"transitioning to a clean energy economy means ensuring that workers have what they need to succeed as well.tune in now to watch bernie bring the political revolution to atlantic city! we’re in the voting period for the oregon democratic primary. have you turned in your ballot? have any questions? we need to make health care a right for every man, woman, and child through a medicare-for-all health care system.we need to expand collective bargaining rights and make it easier for workers across the country to form a union.workers who are able to collectively bargain for higher wages and benefits earn substantially more than non-union workers.happy mother's day to @janeosanders! i know there is nervousness about trump being president. ain’t gonna happen. join our campaign: debemos acabar con las cárceles con fines de lucro. we have gotta ask the media if they think that as a nation, maybe the american people are entitled to hear real discussions on real issues.join me for a rally in new jersey tomorrow. make sure to rsvp online here:  #njforberniesome have touted nafta as a job creator recently. , jobs lost in the united states prove otherwise.new mexico: you must be registered to vote as a democrat by tuesday, may  to vote for bernie. un multimillonario paga la misma cantidad al seguro social que alguien que ganó $, al año. llegó el momento de cambiar eso.people fought and died to make sure that all of us have a right to vote. trump's remarks asking west virginians not to vote are disgraceful.we need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families, especially for parents who work non-traditional hours.if you want to stop trump, vote bernie. we must protect and defend the fundamental right of women to control their own bodies, including a woman’s right to have an abortion.our women's weekend of action in california is coming up! host a canvass in your neighborhood:  #cawomenforberniehow can you say you're going to stand up for working people when you’re courting jeb bush's right-wing donors? the sad reality is that we have thousands of people who die every year in this country because they can't afford to get to a doctor on time.norwegian air international's attempt to undermine international labor laws is unacceptable. #denynai the american people are tired of a broken criminal justice system that enables us to have more people in jail than any country on earth.rt @msnbc: tune in to msnbc tonight at pmet to watch @maddow's interview with @berniesanders! we must rewrite the disastrous trade policies enabling corporate america to shut down plants in this country and move to low-wage countries.today,  million americans remain without health insurance and even greater numbers are underinsured. we can and must do better.rt @amnesty: thank you to all the #teachers who inspire, empower &amp; change our world! #teacherappreciationweek at a time when every major country on earth guarantees health care to all their people, we should do the same in the united states.at a time when we need the best-educated workforce in the world, we are going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.if we are serious about safe and clean drinking water and clean air, we need to phase out fracking nationwide. #keepitinthegroundrt @kendrick: the one and only...🔥 #feelthebern we must pursue the fight for women’s rights, gay rights and disability rights until the promise of equality is fully realized in america.rt @salon: why did the @nytimes bury bernie's victory under news of john kasich? we must strengthen the role of unions and the voices of working people on the job. i urge vice canada workers to vote for a union voice.rt @washingtonpost: , doctors say bernie sanders has the right approach to health care we've got to fight for trade agreements that protect the interests of american workers, not just large corporations. esta elección no se trata tan sólo de elegir al próximo presidente. es algo mucho más importante — se trata de transformar a estados unidos.in this country, people should have the right to love each other regardless of their gender."rt @iammrvandy: @berniesanders is not just about this election, he's about the future!!#feelthebern we're showing the world that you can run a campaign without being dependent on powerful and wealthy special interests.rt @wonkblog: , doctors say bernie sanders has the right approach to health care rt @cascamike: .@wvgazettemail: sanders visits mcdowell to discuss poverty, economic issues the american people are tired of working longer hours for lower wages and seeing almost all new income going to the top  percent.our women's weekend of action in california is coming up! host a canvass in your neighborhood:  #cawomenforbernieit is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics. this is not just a campaign slogan — it’s a reality for our country.the average life expectancy for a woman in mcdowell is . just six hours away, it is  years. that's unacceptable and has got to change.in america today, living in poverty means you are less likely to have access to a doctor, a dentist or a mental health care provider.we have the highest childhood poverty rate of any major country on earth with almost  percent of american children living in poverty."far too often, poverty is a death sentence in america. read my remarks on poverty in west virginia here: in the united states today, the wealthiest country in the history of the world,  million americans are living in poverty.rt @nprinskeep: read our full talk with @berniesanders  @morningedition @npr"it is our duty, as a country of immigrants, to embrace and protect our undocumented brothers and sisters."trump must be stopped, and we're the best campaign to beat him. i am confident i would win.there is nothing i would like more than to take on and defeat donald trump, someone who must never become president of this country."together, we're the most powerful force for change in american politics today. help us call voters in west virginia:it is no mystery why monsanto fights against our right to know about gmos in food – business is booming for this huge chemical company.at a time when women workers earn  cents for every dollar a man earns, we need pay equity in our country.increasing the min. wage to $ an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $. billion a year."your contribution sends a powerful message that we will continue our fight for progressive values. chip in $: "rt @hgsigala: bernie's gonna keep fighting. can we count you in?  the political revolution wins in indiana! thank you. rt @unipolitica: "vamos a crear un salario con el que se puede vivir", $ la hora propone @berniesanders #indianaprimaryrt @gardengnme: indiana – it's not too late to get out and vote for bernie! text indiana to  to find your polling location and head o…if the minimum wage had kept up with productivity and inflation since , it would be more than $ an hour today.rt @shailenewoodley: i just signed this petition, your turn! tell the clinton campaign: transfer victory fund money to the state parties ht…"tell the clinton campaign: transfer ""victory fund"" money to state parties.indiana: you vote today! text indiana to  to find your voting location or look it up at raising the retirement age to  would reduce lifetime social security benefits by about % and do little to strengthen social security.social security has a surplus of more than $. trillion and can pay every single benefit owed to every eligible american for  years.we need your help to do well today! make calls to get voters out to the polls right now: indiana — it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. grab your friends and family and go out and vote. polls close at  pm.california: you can vote early for bernie before the june th primary. check your vote-by-mail registration status! we need to increase the wages of more than  million american workers by raising the minimum wage from a starvation wage to $ an hour.rt @michaeladams: surprisingly, these panos only capture (maybe) / of crowd at @berniesanders rally in downtown indy #indianaprimary h…indiana – you vote tomorrow, may . let's make it the biggest voter turnout in indiana democratic primary history. what this campaign is showing is that when people stand together we can take on the billionaire class and the candidates they fund."sick and tired of large corporations trying to cut social programs while they're shipping millions of jobs abroad."""you cannot exploit a broken campaign finance system one day and vow to get big money out of politics the next.”we live in the richest country on earth, but that means nothing to working families when much of that wealth is controlled by so few.esta es la verdad: la situación actual es pésima. necesitamos un cambio transformador. y no lo vamos a obtener dando pasos marginales.rt @pontifex: there is the grave problem of labour, because of the high rate of young adults unemployed, but also for the issue of the dign…i want to make banking boring again. it shouldn't be about making as much profit as possible by gambling on esoteric financial products.i want wall street to help kids in this country attend public colleges and universities tuition-free with a wall street speculation tax.banking should be about providing affordable loans to americans who need to purchase homes and cars, not reckless gambling on wall street.we must say to corporate america loud and clear: you can’t continue sending our jobs to china while millions are looking for work.bernie is in south bend, indiana for a rally. tune in live here:  #indianaforberniehere's the reality: the status quo is not enough. we need real change. and we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins."we’re less than  weeks away from primary day on tuesday, may . let us know you're committed to voting for bernie!we announced the beginning of this campaign a year ago. tune in as we discuss our success and path forward: the working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages, decent benefits and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries. #maydayfair wages and workers rights are at the heart of a just and moral economy, and something we should all strive for every day. happy #mayday.people shouldn't go without medication just because their elected officials aren’t willing to stand up to the drug industry lobby.last year,  million americans could not get their prescriptions filled because they could not afford it.there is something profoundly wrong when  percent of all new income since the wall street crash has gone to the top  percent."we're working hard to win every possible vote and delegate for bernie in indiana. can we count you in? we are sending a clear message to the billionaire class: you can’t continue to get huge tax breaks while children in this country go hungry.corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.today is a very important day for our political revolution. chip in before our midnight fec deadline here: united technologies — a multi-billion dollar company – wants to move , american jobs abroad. stand with workers: "together, we have become the largest grassroots campaign in the history of presidential politics. #notmeusi want to thank united @steelworkers local  for endorsing my campaign for president. rt @thisweekabc: bernie sanders announced his presidential candidacy a year ago today:  rt @steelworkers: "look around this state &amp; you see towns shattered, plants empty, and you can blame that on trade!" @sensanders #u oregon – let’s show the billionaire class that you are committed to winning oregon for bernie. indiana – you vote for bernie this tuesday, may . sign up for a reminder: "since the passage of nafta in , indiana has lost , good paying manufacturing jobs.the question you’ve gotta ask yourselves at the polls is: are you gonna stand with the sick and the poor or big pharma and wall street?the fracking industry admits what we already knew. fracking hurts poor communities. we must ban fracking. instead of giving tax breaks to millionaires, we are going to create an economy that works for all of us, not just the  percent."as president and commander-in-chief, i will defend this nation, but i will do it responsibly.rt @latinousa: national poll of candidates: @realdonaldtrump has highest unfavorables with latinos, while @berniesanders has lowest the democratic party has gotta make it clear that they will fight for automatic voter registration for everyone over .want to help bernie win? calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. start here: what this campaign is about is whether we can mobilize our people to take back our government from a handful of billionaires.right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into social security as someone who makes $, a year. time for a change.new mexico: remember, you must be registered to vote as a democrat by tuesday, may  to vote for bernie. bernie is taking the stage at the eugene, oregon future to believe in rally. tune in live here: "we don't go around hustling millionaires and billionaires for money. never have. never will. we count on you. today we remember those we've lost to unsafe working conditions, and recommit to creating safe workplaces and empowering unions. #iwmd million americans still have no health insurance. a medicare-for-all system would guarantee health care as a right.we need a progressive income tax so we don’t have a situation where billionaires end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses.this is a movement made of millions of people. this is not about bernie sanders, hillary clinton or donald trump. this is about you.this election is not just about electing a president. far more significantly, it is about transforming america.bernie is about to take the stage at  at the bloomington, indiana rally. tune in live here: in the last few decades there's been a massive redistribution of wealth in the u.s. unfortunately, it has gone in the wrong direction.we need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together.we need to end minimum sentencing. too many lives have been destroyed for non-violent crimes.in many states, it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender. that must change.a college degree is the new high school diploma. an education should be available to all regardless of anyone’s economic situation.let me tell you something: there is nothing we've said in this campaign that is pie-in-the-sky or utopian. nothing. rhode island: thank you for turning out and voting for our political revolution! pa, ri, ct, md and de: you still have time to go vote! text find to  for your voting location and go vote for bernie.today, we are going to say loud and clear the billionaire class cannot have it all. grab a friend and go vote! "go vote on this primary day to create a government of the people, by the people and for the people.voting for bernie today in the pa, ri, ct, md or de primary today? use #ivoted and share this image! if there is a large voter turnout, we will win. can you call voters today and get them to the polls? pennsylvania – go forward and tell the world you are going to lead this country into a political revolution. this is a people’s campaign. the most important thing you can do today if you live in pa, ri, ct, md or de is vote: it's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of americans without health care. any health care plan must address that issue."i'm motivated by a vision which exists in all the great religions: do to others what you would have them do to you.pa, ri, ct, md and de: you vote today! don't know where to vote for bernie? text find to  for your location. maryland, connecticut, delaware, pennsylvania and rhode island — today we vote. get to your voting location and join history in the making.maryland, connecticut, delaware, pennsylvania and rhode island – you vote tomorrow! make a plan to vote: i don’t believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works  hours a week should not be living in poverty.this is shameful. the model for media is six-second sound bites and an unwillingness to talk about real issues. "the energy, intelligence and idealism of young americans have been the greatest agents for change in this country.when you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor.rt @wpjohnwagner: sanders is changing how millennials think about politics, poll shows, via @maxehrenfreund   loudly and clearly, we must tell the republicans: no, we will not cut social security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans.rt @gunnelswarren: it would make much more sense to finance universal preschool in philadelphia by raising taxes on the wealthy. it should be the people on top who see an increase in their taxes, not the working people of philadelphia. rt @allinwithchris: .@chrislhayes hosts a town hall with @berniesanders tonight at pm et. don't miss it! #inners unbelievably, and grotesquely, the top one-tenth of  percent owns nearly as much wealth as the bottom  percent.our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and wall street. not us. join our movement: "brothers and sisters, we are going to change our national priorities. diplomacy and doing everything we can to avoid a war is not weakness. it is intelligence. it is strength.in , mcdonald's ceo saw his pay go up from $. million to nearly $ million. yet  bucks an hour is too radical for his employees.today, the ceos of the largest corporations in america make over  times what typical workers earn. that is not only wrong, it is immoral."we need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country. we need a medicare-for-all health care system.thanks to everyone who came out for our canvassing kickoff and conversation in reading today! "a win for ny, our planet, and our grandchildren. safe fracking is like clean coal: pure fiction. #keepitinthegroundrt @wpjohnwagner: bernie sanders greets supporters on the streets of providence, rhode island. "it's clear to me that the time it is long overdue to shut down the berks county family detention center."i thank the , members of the united electrical workers for their endorsement. money is not free speech. elections should not be auctions. in a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas.at a time when so few have so much, and so many have so little, we must reject the foundations of this economy as immoral and unsustainable.the working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages, decent benefits, and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries.our youth are no longer satisfied with corrupt and broken politics and an economy of stark inequality and injustice.oregon – you've only got a few days to register to vote. i'm counting on you! register here:  corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in."all of you are enormously powerful people if you choose to exercise the right to vote. rt @wpjohnwagner: ‘poverty is a death sentence,’ sanders declares during baltimore stop rt @symonedsanders: the oldest continuously published black newspaper in the country endorsed @berniesanders today  we need real credit score reform to make the banking and credit industries work for borrowers and not just lenders."rt @abcpolitics: watch: at gettysburg, @berniesanders says super pacs not what lincoln would have envisioned: rt @msnbc: watch live: @berniesanders holds rally featuring danny glover and ben jealous  "bernie visited the site where president abraham lincoln delivered his famous address in .public college and university education in america must be tuition-free. we could do it  years ago, why the hell can't we do it today?the sad reality is nearly  million american seniors may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.rt @huffpostpol: bernie sanders says it's "time to shut down" pennsylvania family immigrant detention center  housing that is built with government subsidies should remain affordable permanently, not just  or  years.on any given night, almost , people are homeless in the united states. this is a national disgrace.we should recognize dreamers for who they are – american kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home.the vice president is exactly right. signing the paris climate deal is an important step but not enough. we must take bold action to fight climate change and enact a carbon tax.rt @maryaliceparks: .@berniesanders makes point of visiting monuments to #vermont troops at #gettysburg... asks staff for a picture "the gov't shouldn't be in the business of locking up families. time to shut down the berks family detention center. happy #earthday! let's work together to leave a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.happy passover to my sisters and brothers who celebrate!"verizon wants to cut employees' health benefits, outsource jobs and not pay federal income tax. support the workers:"this campaign is about having the courage to envision a nation in which we fulfill the potential we know we have. we are the wealthiest country in the history of the world. we can create a nation where health care is a right for all americans.sec. clinton and all candidates should not only commit to the idea of universal health care coverage, but show us a plan to get there.the greed of the fossil fuel industry is literally destroying our planet and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.“i like the idea of saying, ‘we can do much more,’ because we can.” - vice president @joebiden "five states vote on tuesday and we’re setting a huge goal to talk to as many voters as we can. sign up for a shift:i condemn principal laraviere’s reassignment and call on democrats around the country to stand up against mayor emanuel’s pettiness.the only explanation for chicago principal troy laraviere's removal appears to be rahm emanuel’s unhealthy obsession with taking revenge.smile! we're making a new ad and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: you! submit yours: ".@markruffalo and bernie took a walk through brooklyn, new york and talked about what it was like growing up there.connecticut – today is your last chance to register online to vote for bernie. please visit  to find out how.rt @msnbc: live: @berniesanders holds "a future to believe in" town hall in scranton, pennsylvania  maryland – today is the last day to register and early vote in person. please visit  to find your polling location.we pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs. that's just a fact. we are getting ripped off left and right.today we have cities and states across america who have made their minimum wage $ an hour. we must make that national.climate change is a planetary crisis. we have to act now, and we have to act boldly.i want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest.the bernie store helps fund our political revolution. get your union-made-in-america merch: we must overturn citizens united if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of american democracy.nebraska took a big step in the right direction by abolishing civil forfeiture yesterday. i hope other states will begin to follow suit.what we need today is a candidate who has the track record, the agenda and the guts to stand up to the billionaire class.i cannot think of an american hero more deserving of this honor than harriet tubman.  "thank you, united steelworkers local  for your support. in the wealthiest country in the history of the world we can create an economy where nobody who works  hours a week lives in poverty.rt @salon: how bernie sanders inspired an art revolution "over the past decade, federal programs that build affordable housing have been decimated. unacceptable.thank you to all those who came out tonight in new york! onward to five more states voting next week.rt @latinosbernie: polls are still open! if you're in line by pm stay in line. bernie needs you. hang in there. #primaryday #nyprimary ht…make a video telling us why you support bernie, and submit it to be in our the next bernie ad! rt @kendrick: polls close at  pm et ny! still have time!! get out and vote! #feelthebernyou still have time to get out and vote in new york! text vote to  for voting information. #primaryday one year after freddie gray was killed we still have no justice. the chants have only grown louder. it's time we ended police brutality.new york, it's your turn to vote. bring your friends and family. questions or issues? call our hotline. new york: you vote today. the right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in america. make your voice heard. #primarydayvoting for bernie today in the ny #primaryday? use #ivoted and share this image! ¿votaste por bernie hoy en la primaria de ny? ¡escribe #yovoté y comparte esta imagen! if we are serious about safe and clean drinking water and clean air, we need to phase out fracking nationwide. "now is the time to transform america. when people are united there is nothing, nothing, nothing that can stop us."rt @kartpath: this is a disgrace. why are we making it so hard for people to participate in democracy?new york — let's make it clear that the empire state is part of the political revolution! go vote. "rt @bkforbernie: happy to find @es_snipes words following me while i canvass. fight injustice everywhere. #nyprimary #feelthebern we need your help today to win new york! make calls to new york voters now: "every single vote for bernie is important. vote bernie sanders today in new york!rt @janeosanders: good morning, new york! don't throw away your shot to get out there and vote!help make sure bernie supporters in new york get out to vote. nueva york — ¡es tu turno de votar por nuestro movimiento! lleva a tu familia y amigos a votar. las casillas cierran a las  pm.new york: you vote today! text ny to  to find your voting time and location or look it up at  #primarydaynew york — it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. grab your friends and family and go out and vote. polls close at  pm.rt @ritchietorres: .@berniesanders is energizing people like never before. i want to be a part of that. #feelthebernthese attacks continue a cycle of violence that must come to an end and those responsible must face justice.i condemn the horrific terrorist attack in jerusalem today. i send my deepest condolences to all of those wounded and their families.los actos de amor del papa francisco deben inspirar a los estadounidenses a escuchar su llamado y recibir de brazos abiertos a refugiados.we must increase the minimum wage not only in the united states, but in haiti and throughout the world. rt @mrdannyglover:  yrs ago dr. king was building a beloved community for social justice. i felt that spirit w @berniesanders tonight htt…rt @laurenblanch: final new york rally for @berniesanders in long island city before voters head to polls tomorrow rt @msnbc: .@berniesanders addresses new york supporters in long island city:  rt @residente: a conversation between residente and bernie sanders. acá comparto la conversación que tuve con @berniesanders what you'll find in my tax returns is that i made less in one year as a u.s. senator than sec. clinton did in one speech to wall street.from manhattan, to the bronx, to jackson heights and through astoria, bernie's been meeting new yorkers all day. rt @yamiche: .@berniesanders walking around in queens. we hit , steps four hours ago. #nyprimary if we win in new york tomorrow, it’d be the most shocking upset in modern political history. make a plan to vote. "on sunday, i visited brownsville. i came away more determined than ever to address the affordable housing crisis.después de nuestra visita al vaticano, el papa francisco viajó a lesbos y nos mostró a todos el significado de la compasión.rt @markruffalo: original new yorker @berniesanders talks with me about growing up in brooklyn. watch: #feelthebern rt @mrdannyglover: bernie and i have long shared a commitment to justice. i couldn't feel prouder to support him as our next president. htt…let us stand in solidarity with the students at columbia and nyu for demanding their schools divest from fossil fuels. #keepitintheground".@mrdannyglover has used his celebrity clout in the fight for social justice. i thank him for his support."i strongly oppose the proposed constitution pipeline that would carry fracked gas from pennsylvania to new york.the president’s immigration actions are good first steps. the supreme court should allow dapa to move forward. #fightforfamilies"for  years, ge dumped dangerous chemicals into the hudson river. we must clean it up and hold ge accountable."""bernie is a protester. he's not scared to go up against the criminal justice system."" — erica garnerhow does it happen that we are spending trillions of dollars fighting a war in iraq but our water system in flint is crumbling?".@spikelee has a message for you (and, yeah, it’s worth sticking around the five minutes ’til the end).we owe a debt of gratitude to the black lives matter movement for substantially raising consciousness. "rt @sallykohn: ""we can transform this country for all of us -- for the better!""#kohndorsement #feelthebern 📷 @tulsigabbard rt @ritchietorres: thank you @berniesanders for touring @nycha housing in brownsville. @anniekarni @thelastword whoa! , came out to prospect park, brooklyn – our largest rally yet. thank you! thank you @sallykohn for your support!tune in to #bernieatprospectpark live here: in the wealthiest country in the history of the world, people should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing. rt @dannyefreeman: .@berniesanders tours public housing in brownsville, bklyn. councilman ritchie torres says his visit is "historic." there is an affordable housing crisis in new york and all over america that we have got to address. we express our condolences and solidarity with the people of ecuador and japan as they recover from these devastating earthquakes.rt @bpericadams: i thank @berniesanders for joining @jumaanewilliams, @ritchietorres &amp; i on a tour of howard houses in #brownsville. ".@janeosanders is a soulmate and a sounding board. i could not have embarked on this journey with anyone else.rt @yamiche: man in brooklyn bridge park: "it's a beautiful day!" @berniesanders: "let's make tuesday a beautiful day too!" "i had the opportunity to meet with pope francis. it was a real honor for my wife and i to spend some time with him.we set a very audacious goal for this weekend:  million calls into new york. can you help call voters today? we need to raise the minimum wage to  bucks an hour. not just in one or two cities, but across the country. rt @tulsigabbard: come and say aloha today at our #veteran town hall today in #brooklyn  #feelthebern it is extremely sad that the united states, one of the oldest democracies, has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country."new york voters go to the polls on tuesday. can we count on your help to call voters for an hour this weekend?rt @dannyefreeman: .@berniesanders stops by a nyc art gallery to view installations depicting himself and his political revolution. medicare for all means no more copays, no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges."we want you to be part of the next bernie ad! make a video about why you're voting for bernie and submit it here: rt @kalpenn: lots of young peeps volunteering for @berniesanders today. ny primary is tuesday, april th! #feelthebern "new report: clinton raising money from lobbyists that have represented walmart, fossil fuel firms and wall streetrt @uninoticias: exclusiva: @berniesanders le explica a @residente qué hacer con la deuda de puerto rico:  pope francis' acts of love should inspire us as americans and we should heed his call to welcome refugees with open arms."rt @benjealous: montgomery county feels the bern!#feelthebern after we left the vatican this morning, pope francis visited lesbos and showed us all what compassion looks like."new york: it's our time again to build a future to believe in.we can win new york, but we’ll need a strong grassroots effort. let’s reach  million calls and #takenybyphone: rt @unipolitica: .@berniesanders visita al papa y agradece su mensaje de moralidad y justicia económica  we shouldn't cut the gi bill. our veterans earned and deserve those benefits. #defendthegibill taking care of our veterans is a cost of war, and we must firmly reject the latest efforts to cut benefits for veterans. #defendthegibillrt @tulsigabbard: join our veterans and their families, and call on congress to take action and #defendthegibill  pope francis and sen. bernie sanders met at the vatican on saturday. health care costs are out of control. medicare for all will go a long way toward getting health care spending under control.innovation and business success should be rewarded. but greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support.new york – you vote on tuesday, april . make sure you have a plan. text ny to  for your polling location. we should be encouraging young people to get involved in politics, not disparaging them. this seems to be a pattern. puerto rico — ¡tienes hasta mañana sábado  de abril para registrarte para votar por bernie! más info: puerto rico – you must be registered to vote by tomorrow, saturday, april  to vote for bernie! more info: "some believe it's ok to take $, an hour from wall street, but $ an hour for all americans is too much.indiana – you can early vote for bernie today through may . check here for details: "we’re all in this together. rt @rebleber: still baffled why clinton gave a nonanswer on whether a carbon tax is smart. econ &amp; even conservatives love the idea "i annotated a speech by pope francis. here are the ways his words show the values we have in common."the urgency of a moral economy: reflections on the th anniversary of centesimus annusrt @casinapioiv: senator @berniesanders on the urgency of a moral economy: reflections on the th anniversary of #centesimusannus if we wake up the american people, if we stand up and fight back, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. new york, vote on april !"with your help, we're going to take back our democracy and demand that the government work for us all. #demdebatemillions of people must stand up, fight back and create a government that works for all of us. new york – go vote on tuesday. thank you."abortion is not an issue where bernie is willing to compromise. #demdebate "campaign money from maxed-out wealthy contributors:hillary clinton – %bernie sanders – %"$ a contribution. not dependent on wall street or big money. that is a people’s campaign.  #demdebatebernie sanders outperforms hillary clinton in every major poll when tested against donald trump. now that's electability.public colleges and universities tuition free? damn right.#askaboutabortion this segment, please.are you watching the #demdebate? we only have  days left to #takenybyphone. join us: we should be concerned when innocents are killed anywhere in the world. that includes both israel and palestine, not just one or the other.if we are going to achieve peace, we are going to have to treat the palestinian people with respect and dignity. #demdebate"""i think we did a great deal to help the libyan people."" – @hillaryclinton just wanted that one on the record.""q: do you support a tax on carbon?hillary clinton: ..."gas lobbyists aren't bundling money for @hillaryclinton to get her on their side. they donate to her because she is already on their side.rt @martinomalley: said this in  about @mittromney's tax returns, i'll say it today: @hillaryclinton should release the wall street tra…hillary clinton's plan to address climate change does not go far enough. we need bold changes, not just small steps. #demdebatehillary clinton supports fracking. bernie does not. #demdebate"while @hillaryclinton was campaigning for mass incarceration in the crime bill, bernie spoke against it:  #demdebate""rt @cascamike: sec. clinton says we need to stand up to the gun lobby. does that mean standing with them at a high-$ fundraiser? you can either be for a $ an hour federal minimum wage or against it. it can’t be both, @hillaryclinton. #demdebatemillions of people are standing up, @hillaryclinton. $ is not enough.  let's raise the federal minimum wage to $ an hour. #demdebatebernie has released all of the speeches he gave to wall street. there were none. hillary’s been “looking into it” for  days. #demdebate"no joke. this is an excerpt from hillary clinton’s speech telling wall street to “cut it out.” watch: #demdebate"if there's nothing bad in hillary clinton's wall street speeches, why not just #releasethetranscripts? #demdebatewhen millions of americans lost their jobs because of wall street’s greed, hillary clinton sided with wall street and bailed them out.you can’t stand and fight for working families and the middle class if you're dependent upon big-money interests. #demdebatedoes @hillaryclinton believe money has no influence in politics? seems to contradict her issues page here: people do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super pacs for money. plain and simple.tune in to the the cnn brooklyn #demdebate right now and watch bernie campaign like a #brooklynite. new york – the entire country will be watching as the results come in on tuesday. commit to vote for bernie today: ".@rosariodawson is right: the struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day, it's the struggle of a lifetime.sanders campaign partners in arizona voter access lawsuit. full statement: "nothing will change until we elect candidates who reject wall street money.we are the only advanced economy that doesn’t guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time. hours. , volunteers.  million calls. this weekend we’re going to #takenybyphone join us: this campaign is about building on these successes so that everyone in this country can enjoy the dignity of a living wage. #fightforwe’re making progress in seattle, los angeles, san francisco, california, new york and oregon.but a grassroots movement led by millions of working people refused to take “no” for an answer.not too long ago, the establishment told us that a $ minimum wage was unrealistic or “pie-in-the-sky.”i applaud the workers who are today demanding $ an hour and a union. #fightforrt @goodjobsnation: breaking: federal contract workers strike! #fightfor #debatethis democratic socialism means that we create a government that works for all of us, not just powerful special interests.dr. song's comment was inappropriate and insensitive. there's no room for language like that in our political discourse.it’s me, bernie ‘brooklyn born’ sanders and guess what @tedcruz, i have new york values.   rt @peoplebernie: we're all in this together. #washingtonsquarepark #feelthebern most americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace pay the taxes they should.thank you to the more than , new yorkers who came out tonight to join our political revolution. unbelievable. "jane and i left new york city when we were kids and it's great to be back!" - bernie #newyorkforberniert @latinosbernie: "we have to wake up on april th &amp; hold our heads high. we know, if you make it in ny, you make it anywhere!"-@lsarsou…“the cause is right and the time is now.” - @ninaturner #newyorkforberniewatch live as thousands come out to new york’s washington square park for bernie:  #newyorkforberniert @brigidbergin: .@berniesanders rally starts with field director calling on volunteers to door knock this weekend rt @politifact: bernie sanders: hillary clinton supports and continues "to support fracking."  this momentum is incredible – but imagine what our momentum can be if we win new york's primary. make a plan: rt @danielmarans:  in  profitable u.s. corporations pays no federal taxes, according to a @usgao study @berniesanders requested rt @nightlyshow: #tonightly: @berniesanders joins us! :/:c. #nightlyshow we need strong progressives in congress like @lucyflores, @pramilaj and @zephyrteachout. help us elect them: thank you to those on strike today. you're standing up for justice not just for verizon workers but for millions who don’t have a union.what i care about is that they stop destroying the jobs of their employees and start investing in cities like buffalo and baltimore.i don’t want the support of mcadam, immelt and their friends in the billionaire class. i welcome their contempt. rt @jamieson: .@berniesanders is no stranger to picket lines. he joined verizon workers back in , too some politicians send press releases. bernie shows up on the picket line. #verizonstrike rt @cwadennis: thank you @berniesanders for standing w/ workers! #verizonstrike #standupvz rt @twulocal: twu local  feels the bern, endorses bernie sanders for president. rt @nytopinion: jeff merkley, senator from oregon, explains why he's endorsing colleague @berniesanders in an op-ed for the nyt: today three out of the four largest banks in this country are larger than when we bailed them out because they were too big to fail."roosevelt battled his era’s elite. he called them “economic royalists.” bernie calls them the “billionaire class.”"as president, i will continue to fight to protect tribal lands from companies who put profits over people.how does it happen that every major country on earth guarantees health care to all of their people as a right except the united states?"you can’t stand and fight for working families and the middle class if you are dependent upon big-money interests. we need to adopt fair trade policies which not only raise wages in this country, but lift living standards throughout the world.rt @steveaoki: ✌️✌️ @berniesanders #feelthebern making women travel hundreds of miles, wait weeks for an appointment and face harassment at the clinic door is a national disgrace.for the past  years, the extreme right-wing has made it more and more difficult for women to access abortion care. that is unacceptable.goldman sachs executives shouldn't be getting tax breaks for defrauding the american people. they should be in jail. rt @thisweekabc: watch live: rosario dawson speaks at @berniesanders campaign rally in syracuse, ny  i opposed the keystone pipeline from the start because it was a no brainer. evolving is not good enough. we need leadership.with a week until the new york primary, i need your help to win this election and reclaim our democracy. "goldman sachs just acknowledged to the whole world that the financial system is based on fraud.rt @action: climate leaders don't frack. as president, will @hillaryclinton ban fracking? african-american women earn just  cents for every dollar a white male earns. the figure for latina women is just  cents. #equalpaydaythe pay disparity is even worse for women of color who face a pay gulf, not a gap. #equalpaydaywhy is it that women are going to work and earning  cents on the dollar compared to men? shameful. we need pay equity. #equalpaydayrt @abc: bernie sanders: "we need to put an end to fracking…all over this country."  young people all over this country are demanding their voice be heard in determining the future of this country. that's democracy!glad to see california show us that we can live in a country where everyone has access to paid family leave. rt @dannyefreeman: a jammed packed arena awaits @berniesanders at suny buffalo. americans understand that our gov't is dominated by big money. glad to see people taking action to restore democracy. #democracyspringwe must overturn citizens united if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of american democracy. #democracyspringthe new york primary is just  days away. make sure you have a plan to get there and make your voice heard: it’s wrong to think we can frack our way out of the climate crisis. natural gas isn’t a "bridge fuel,” it’s a fossil fuel."fracking pollutes water, degrades air quality and worsens climate change. no amount of regulation can make it safe.it is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide. sign if you agree: right now, under the federal controlled substance act, marijuana is a schedule one drug alongside heroin. that's pretty crazy.we're spending $ billion a year locking up people, and nobody thinks that that makes sense. sign if you agree: corporations should not be making profits by imprisoning our sons and daughters. we must put an end to the private prison racket in america.people should be rewarded for getting an education, not punished with student debt of $,, $, or more.right now we have a fundamentally corrupt energy policy. it is rigged to boost the profits of big oil at the expense of average americans.i want to move to public funding of elections so anyone can run for office without having to beg for money from the wealthy and powerful."icymi: bernie and the big banks — @rbreich, former secretary of labor"new york, let's make a little bit of history. make a plan to vote on tuesday, april : rt @laopinionla: bernie sanders gana a clinton en los caucus demócratas de wyoming  transitioning toward a completely clean energy system is possible and affordable, and will create millions of good jobs.rt @kronayne: the scene at bernie sanders' afternoon rally at coney island. climate change is an economic, public health, national security and environmental problem. it is every kind of issue at once.as president, i'll ban fossil fuels lobbyists from working in the white house. climate change skepticism has no place in the oval office.rt @facethenation: .@berniesanders: wyoming is the th victory that we have won in the last  contests."welfare reform was an intentional effort to curb financial assistance to poor people..." it's clear that the "war on drugs" was a miserable failure that we must bring to an end.thank you for your support @ricknolanmn! we know that "tough on crime" policies have failed. millions of lives have been destroyed and we now live in the most incarcerated nation.rt @cascamike: "are you prepared to expand benefits for millions of seniors and disabled veterans who need it?" -- @berniesanders we appreciate and thank the people of wyoming so much for their support! "watch our new ad featuring footage shot by the people powering this movement: you. #makehistorynowhere is the dearth of affordable housing more on display than in new york. we need to do more to address this housing crisis."virtually every american between  and  is paying a price for mass incarceration." - @benjealous rt @adafreiria: bernie provides the best plan for puerto rico @luissepulvedany #standupforpuertorico #unidosconbernie  dollars an hour everywhere. #familyvaluesinwordswe can’t properly reform our broken criminal justice system without ending the death penalty.wyoming — we've won seven out of the last eight caucuses. with your help today, we are going to win here in wyoming. if we stand up and fight back, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. wyoming, let’s caucus! wyoming: today you caucus. get to your caucus location by am. if there's a large turnout, we can win. join history in the making. #wycaucusrt @benjealous: "we have record numbers of teachers packing backpacks of food for children on fridays" @benjealous rt @yamiche: .@berniesanders highlights new york roots at greenpoint, brooklyn rally in frigid weather  that's just a "single issue" where @hillaryclinton and i differ.in my view, we need to repeal the  welfare reform provisions and expand, not weaken, the social safety net.in , @hillaryclinton said that “welfare should not be an anti-poverty program.” i disagree.this legislation has weakened the social safety net and increased extreme poverty. that is unacceptable.this legislation gave republican governors like scott walker the responsibility to provide a safety net for families in need.in , welfare provided a vital safety net to more than  million americans. today, it only helps . million."families living in poverty receiving cash benefits:: %: only %"from  to , households living in extreme poverty increased % for african americans; % for hispanics; % for white americans.the number of children in extreme poverty has skyrocketed from . million to . million.it established strict work requirements for receiving benefits and severely limited access to benefits for undocumented people.since this legislation was signed into law, families living in extreme poverty have more than doubled from , to . million.it turns out that the welfare reform bill has been an absolute disaster.unfortunately, @hillaryclinton supported this bill calling it “a critical first step to reforming our nation’s welfare system.”i called that bill “an assault on the poor, women and children, minorities, and immigrants.” i believed that then and i believe that now."one of the biggest differences between the clintons and myself in this campaign is our view on welfare reform.it wasn't governor cuomo who had the idea to raise the minimum wage. it was the people telling him what to do. that's how change happens.we’re in greenpoint, brooklyn. tune in live to our rally here:  #bernieinbrooklyn rt @paullarocco: .@berniesanders takes stage in greenpoint. "one person, one vote, not about the millionaires and billionaires..." when americans begin to stand up to wall street and the billionaire class, congress is going to have to start paying attention.bernie’s back in brooklyn. watch live here:  #bernieinbrooklyn rt @kartpath: .@berniesanders takes the stage in flatbush, to chants of "welcome home, bernie!" the problems facing this country now are so serious, are so deep, that the same-old, same-old establishment politics ain't going to do it.it is a national embarrassment that some american politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change.rt @theview: we’re about to #feelthebern: sen. @berniesanders joins the ladies next! #bernieontheview  low-income communities will bear the most severe consequences of our nation's dependence on fossil fuels. we've gotta get our act together.join bernie and @susansarandon at our greenpoint rally today at  pm in brooklyn. rsvp here:  #bernieinbrooklynbernie is in brooklyn today! join us for our flatbush rally with @markruffalo at  pm! rsvp:  #bernieinbrooklyn"rt @nywfp: today: #bernieinbrooklyn! pm flatbush: pm greenpoint:  #wfpbernie #feelth…"rt @todayshow: "i will fight as hard as i can for pay equity for women" -@berniesanders #bernietodayrt @morning_joe: .@berniesanders on $ min. wage: when an idea catches fire, when people see justice, it moves very, very quickly rt @morning_joe: new: @berniesanders invited to speak at the vatican: 'i am a big, big fan of the pope' rt @nbcnewspr: coming up at am on @todayshow: town hall with @berniesanders live on the plaza. ask questions with #bernietoday rt @davidfbowen: who's feeling the bern??? this guy! @peoplebernie unite! #feelthebern i have voted against and led the opposition to every one of these disastrous trade agreements. you’re looking at the guy who’s not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – i am walking the walk."rt @erikaandiola: join senator @berniesanders and special guests at :pm et!---code: online: as president, i would formally apologize for our country's deplorable practice of slavery."""we have a broken and immoral healthcare system where  million people remain uninsured."" — @paulysong rt @cbseveningnews: tonight on cbs evening news: @berniesanders sits down with @charlierose for a one-on-one interview rt @todayshow: tomorrow on today…@berniesanders joins us for a live town hall on the plaza. send in your questions w/ #bernietoday as a father of four and a grandfather of seven, i care about leaving a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet."while the political establishment wants to win elections their way, we're doing it differently.i don't go to unions and then leave to go to wall street fundraisers. unions are my family. i have worked with them for my entire life.rt @paafl_cio: "i grew up in this movement, you are my family." @berniesanders #paaflcioconvention millions of people are working incredible hours – some with two or three jobs – just trying to care for themselves and their families."rt @kartpath: “i believe @berniesanders is a protester. he’s not scared.” — erica garnerwhat republicans are saying, very loudly and clearly, is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. i disagree.the affordable care act, which i voted for and helped write, is a step forward for this country. but we must build on it and go further. million americans have no health insurance and even more are underinsured with high co-payments and deductibles. that's an embarrassment.democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system in america today, which is not only grossly unfair but also corrupt.rt @kylieatwood: .@berniesanders stops by cwa protest in downtown philly only one democratic candidate takes gun lobby money to fund her campaign. we must fundamentally re-write our trade policies and rebuild factories that were closed as a result of bad trade deals.our job cannot be to cut social security. our job must be to expand it so that every american can retire with dignity and respect.we can live in a nation where every person, no matter their sexual orientation, realizes the full promise of equality.new parents shouldn't be forced to go back to work immediately because they can't afford to stay home to take care of their baby.corporate greed needs to end. they're taking advantage of the benefits of america, yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as americans.congratulations to the uconn huskies for winning another women's ncaa national basketball championship.the corporate media and establishment keep counting us out, but we keep winning by large margins. keep us going: tune in to bernie’s remarks live from laramie here: rt @moveon: wisconsinites, thank you for supporting progressive values. stay in line to make your voice heard. every vote matters. #feelthe…wisconsin, today you sent a strong message: when we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish. thank you! your voice matters. say in line and vote, wisconsin. #wiprimary rt @maryaliceparks: also in abc prelim exit poll data - x as many dem voters said theyre excited abt what sanders would do in office as sa…wisconsin: it’s not too late to go out and vote for bernie. text vote to  for your polling location. if there is a large voter turnout, we will win. can you call voters today and get them to the polls? we should be working to end discrimination in all forms. this law is a deplorable step in the wrong direction. wisconsin — it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. grab your friends and family and go out and vote. polls close at  pm."✔️ doesn’t actually support $ federal minimum wage.rt @janeosanders: the first four years of a child's life are the most important and formative. we need to invest in quality child care.puerto rico debe recibir el tiempo necesario para reestructurar su deuda y hacer crecer su economía de forma justa. wisconsin — don't know where to vote for bernie today? head to  for your polling location. maryland: the deadline to register to vote is today! visit  to find out how to join the political revolution.rt @msnbc: live now: @mitchellreports interviews @berniesanders ahead of today's wisconsin primary. tune in to @msnbc to watch! we need your help today to win wisconsin! make calls to wi voters now: "let's send a strong message today, wisconsin. get involved and make change happen. go vote.congratulations to the villanova wildcats for winning the men's ncaa national basketball championship.wisconsin — today we have an opportunity to move our revolution forward. grab a friend or family member and vote for real change. #wiprimary"""the major media don’t know how to report on movements."" — @rbreichmaking the american taxpayer pick up bp's bill for cleaning the disastrous deepwater horizon spill is an outrage. "a victory for workers fighting for collective bargaining rights at trump's vegas hotel. unions make america great.rt @ariannaijones: “why i endorse bernie sanders for president of the united states” by barbara lawton, former lt. gov. of wisconsin ".@markruffalo is right: the owners of this country want you to give up. i'm asking you not to give up. get involved.martin luther king, jr. was one of the great leaders of our history. we must continue his fight for civil rights and racial justice.we need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable."as president, i will proudly stand with working families and fight for a $ an hour federal minimum wage.not too long ago, they told us that a $ min wage was unrealistic. some said it was ‘pie-in-the-sky.’ ny and ca are just the tipping point.rt @msnbc: .@berniesanders calls for shutting down new york nuclear power plant:  rt @mcbyrne: uw professor @saragoldrickrab makes the case for @berniesanders free college plan.  #wiprimarytoday, the supreme court helped ensure the equality of one person, one vote. now, we must continue to fight all forms of voter suppression.rt @nytimes: breaking news: the supreme court rejected a conservative bid to include only eligible voters in electoral districts we need a new approach to trade in this country — one that benefits working families and not just the ceos of multinational corporations.the reason that our campaign is doing well is that we are doing something unusual in american politics: we are telling the truth.let me be clear: i have consistently opposed offshore drilling in the arctic, in the gulf and in the atlantic.rt @lsarsour: two proud brooklynites who got @berniesanders back. #feelthebern honored to stomp ground with @rosariodawson. rt @dannyefreeman: introducing @berniesanders in madison, wi tonight? brooklyn muslim activist, @lsarsour. my climate plan will cut u.s. carbon pollution  percent by  and over  percent by , in part by putting a tax on carbon pollution."let's send a very strong message to gov. walker that his voter suppression efforts will not work! vote on april ."rt @mehcadbrooks: i'm giving speech/introducing bernie in #milwaukee tmw at bmo harris bradley center. come join us. doors open at .join me tomorrow for a #wiprimary rally in milwaukee with @thesummerset, @oh and others!  rt @saragoldrickrab: fact: the pell grant's purchasing power will continue to erode under hillary's plan. the poor won't be helped.i recognize it's a bold peice of legislation. but i do not believe it is pie-in-the-sky to leave this planet habitable to our grandchildren.i am proud to have introduced the most comprehensive climate change legislation in the history of the united states senate.rt @saragoldrickrab: fact: hillary's #highered plan prioritize private college like those her &amp; trump's kids attend. bernie's #freecollege…rt @oh: we're honored and excited to be playing for @berniesanders in milwaukee on monday! #feelthebern the keystone pipeline would transport some of the dirtiest fuel on this planet. i’ve led the opposition to it from the beginning.rt @saragoldrickrab: fact: hillary clinton's higher ed plan continues to leave undocumented students out of higher ed. bernie's fully incor…climate change is already having devastating effects across the world. it’s too late for incremental change. we must act boldly.rt @thisweekabc: .@berniesanders: having been an independent "makes my candidacy even stronger"  #thisweek a strong and growing trade-union movement not only protects its own members but drives up wages for all americans.rt @cnnsotu: this week on #cnnsotu @berniesanders will talk to @jaketapper ahead of the wisconsin primary. as president, i will increase funding for education and demand that profitable corporations start paying their fair share of taxes.rt @gdebenedetti: milwaukee — "think of all the things that governor walker does, and i will do the opposite," says @berniesanders walker has provided huge tax breaks for corporations while making the largest cuts to education in wisconsin history. he's got it backwards.i say to scott walker: if you are afraid of fair and open elections, get out of politics and get another job.under gov. walker, we are seeing massive efforts to make it harder for people to vote in wisconsin. absolutely wrong and unacceptable.rt @cascamike: "our country's future is brighter under a sanders presidency." in , congress required credit unions to cap interest rates at  percent. it's time to extend this cap to every lender in america."rt @erikaandiola: comunicado de sanders sobre crisis de deuda puertorriqueña via @berniesanders"we have got to stop credit card companies from ripping off the american people by charging sky-high interest rates of  or  percent."volunteers and supporters all across the country are powering this political revolution. thank you.rt @msnbc: watch live: @berniesanders holds a “future to believe in” rally in wisconsin:  wisconsin, make your voice heard by voting this tuesday, april .  current status of the clark county, nevada credentials committee. campaign manager jeff weaver on clark county, nevada democratic convention: change cannot take place without political participation.i believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of americans begin to stand up and fight for real change.wisconsin — you vote on tuesday, april . join the political revolution! #wiprimary tune in to our rally in green bay, wisconsin happening now:  #wiprimary"puerto rico shouldn't be asked to suffer even more so that a handful of wealthy investors can become even wealthier.this is why we must fight for bold ideas, not half-measures. rt @unipolitica: así reaccionó el público en #wisconsin cuando @berniesanders habló del gobernador del estado scott walker.   rt @msnbc: watch live: @berniesanders holds a campaign rally in sheboygan, wisconsin: rt @issielapowsky: the #bernieinthebronx rally proves that even in the social media age, live campaigning still matters most: rt @weezer: felt the bern this morning at @gma. "campaign money bundled by fossil fuel lobbyists:⚬ $. million for @hillaryclinton ⚬ $ for @berniesanders"rt @nowthisnews: nowthis is live on @facebook from harlem for a @berniesanders campaign roundtable about women's issues: rt @yamiche: .@berniesanders campaign hosting a round table in harlem with rosario dawson, michelle alexander and tessa thompson. wisconsin — today is the last day for early voting. please visit  to find your nearest voting location."as a born and raised new yorker, i’m very proud. a huge stride forward for ny and a model for the nation.rt @markruffalo: .@hillaryclinton your "safe and responsible" fracking has brought us air and ho contamination, earthquakes, bomb trains,…we have got to end the embargo against cuba. fifty years of cold war is enough.rt @gma: "sec. clinton has taken significant sums of money from the fossil fuel industry." -@berniesanders i've been criticized for my big ideas. you know what wasn't too pie-in-the-sky for my opponent? $. trillion to invade iraq.thank you to everyone who contributed to our campaign in march. you are our political revolution.rt @thebradmielke: these numbers are crazy. after a record-setting february, the @berniesanders camp announces even more money raised in ma…"rt @colbertlateshow: tonight! wheel in the sky keeps on bernin’… #lssc"“the truth is that @hillaryclinton has relied heavily on funds from oil, gas and coal industry lobbyists.""last chance to get your #birdiesanders sticker! grab yours here:  they never thought we could do it. we're on track to raise $. million. chip in here:  rt @wpjohnwagner: bernie sanders appears on colbert's "late show" tonight as "the wheel of news mystery guest." rt @benjealous: new poll: @berniesanders up  points over hrc with black voters in wisconsin! #feelthebern  """the average contribution to our campaign is $.” #bernieinthebronxmake yours before tonight’s deadline here: "i will not accept children in this country sleeping out on the streets. we must end childhood poverty." #bernieinthebronx"rt @mjbeckel: portion of campaign $$ from donors who have given legal max:@hillaryclinton: %@berniesanders: %"i am very proud to have been born in new york city!” #bernieinthebronx rt @onearmedmaninc: big cheers as residente condemns us support for latin american dictatorship, and boos for henry kissinger. #bernieinthe…rt @nywfp: .@spikelee: "bernie has to win ny!" #feelthebern #wfpbernie #nyforbernie #bernieinthebronx "we're in the bronx with rosario dawson, harry belafonte, spike lee and residente. tune in live: #bernieinthebronx"rt @clairesandberg: .@hillaryclinton comes out in support of a ban on #fracking in ny—about five years later than we needed her to. we're trying to raise more money this month than we did last month. help us reach our goal before midnight! rt @ophirbruck: yuge crowd waiting for bernie. and this is the overflow area. #bernieinthebronx #feelthebern rt @shailenewoodley: phone banking for #bernie! making calls to #nyc at the moment from sunny la. volunteer here:  h…it’s still a long shot, but it looks like we have a chance to reach our goal. contribute before our deadline: it is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work. we've gotta move forward and pass the paycheck fairness act into law.under my administration, wall street ceos will no longer receive a get-out-of jail free card. big bankers will not be too big to jail.get your #birdiesanders sticker with any contribution to our campaign before they're gone:  """i survived. i became stronger. i have a voice."" - andrea zekis, transgender activist #transdayofvisibilitythe time is long overdue for pay equity in this country. i believe that they will win.  rt @msnbc: watch live: @berniesanders holds a "future to believe in" rally in pittsburgh:  hitting our goal of $. million today will shock the establishment and help us win wisconsin. chip in: rt @msnbc: watch live: @berniesanders discusses the impact of trade deals  we can't have a safe &amp; sound financial system if the same agencies rating wall street's products are making their profits from wall street.rt @msnbc: now: @maddow's exclusive interview with @berniesanders airing on @msnbc  #decisionrt @maryaliceparks: spike lee, harry belafonte, and rosario dawson among folks introducing @berniesanders at his nyc rally tomorrow in the…we've only got a few #birdiesanders stickers left. grab yours before they fly away:  rt @maddow: my exclusive interview with @berniesanders starts at pm et, msnbc...my opponent may not think the american people are prepared to stand up to the insurance companies or the drug companies. i think they are.one in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe. elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake.this country can no longer afford to tolerate the culture of fraud and corruption on wall street.agreed, @jumaanewilliams! and yes, we will campaign like brooklynites!  your republican frontrunner, ladies and gentlemen. shameful. i've been criticized for my big ideas. you know what wasn't too pie-in-the-sky for my opponent? $ billion to bailout wall street in .i want children to know that if they study hard, no matter what the income of their families, they will be able to get a college education.we decided to make a sticker to commemorate #birdiesanders! grab yours before they’re gone: "rt @david_lynch: dear twtter friends, yay! bernie sanders for president!!!"i don't believe we should be punishing millions of people with outrageous levels of student debt. that shortsighted path forward must end.our movement is about creating an america that ensures nobody working  hours a week has to live in poverty.too many americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use.we must address the political marginalization and institutional racism affecting people of color. read my plan: rt @maryaliceparks: watch @berniesanders milwaukee rally live here - we need new thinking to address the enormous crises facing our country. it is too late for establishment policies, politics and economics.it's time for republicans to stop obstructing efforts to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy efficiency."this campaign is speaking to thousands of people, not going to billionaires' homes begging for money.the vast majority of u.s. students are already working to put themselves through school. the kids are alright.yet wealthy kids under @hillaryclinton's plan wouldn't have to work  hrs a week. kids from working families would. war has got to be the last recourse, not the first.join me for a rally in the bronx with special guest @residente this thursday, march . rsvp here:  #bernieinthebronxwe need a grassroots movement to tell the koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections."from wisconsin to california, the right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country. this decision underscores the need to confirm a justice who will protect workers' rights to collectively bargain. we must end programs that reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate. "“you should be willing to debate anytime, anywhere.” — @hillaryclinton in .a job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. the current federal minimum wage of $. an hour is a starvation wage.rt @morning_joe: dem poll: @berniesanders %, @hillaryclinton % we need police reform so that young people can walk down the street without having to worry about if they're going to be harassed or shot.i agree. but here’s the difference: i support a $ federal minimum wage. @hillaryclinton does not. since i have been an elected official, i have used my influence to stand with those who have no power. that's what i do.rt @bpericadams: any candidate — @hillaryclinton, @berniesanders, or otherwise — should be fortunate to have the grit &amp; tenacity that defin…huffpost: voters’ unfavorable view of clinton warns democrats of trouble ahead scientists tell us we need bold action, not incremental change. we may have wall street and our opponent's super pacs against us but we are going to win because our message is resonating with the people.rt @nywfp: after california, "ny leaders need to catch up by passing $ for all workers"​- @scharffk  #nyfightfor…pennsylvania — today is your last chance to register to vote. please visit  and take part in the democratic process!the sad reality is that across the globe, the health of communities is consistently ignored in favor of the profits of corporate polluters."i hope very much that as we go into new york, sec. clinton’s home state, we'll have a debate. sign if you agree:we live at a time when most americans have less than $, in savings and millions of working adults struggle to retire in dignity.giving puerto rico bankruptcy protection is the right thing to do to help its people. read more of our plan here:  "i agree with @lin_manuel. puerto rico needs our help and should be able to restructure its debt. we need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families, especially for parents who work non-traditional hours.rt @tulsigabbard: #hawaii shows #aloha to @berniesanders with % of the vote #feelthebern ill-conceived military decisions, such as the invasion of iraq, can wreak far-reaching devastation and destabilize regions for decades."my medicare-for-all plan will cost $ trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years.voter id laws, discriminatory drawing of congressional districts and restricting same-day registration are all forms of voter suppression.we are grieving today for the families affected by the deplorable attack in lahore. no one should ever fear taking their children to a park.rt @thebradmielke: coming off  sweeping victories yesterday, @berniesanders challenges @hillaryclinton to debate on her home turf: new yor…wishing a happy easter from the sanders family to all those who celebrate!rt @unipolitica: .@berniesanders se impuso ayer con % en alaska, % en washington y % en hawaii:  "rt @kartpath: ""brooklyn was bernin’ saturday as @berniesanders’ campaign opened a hometown headquarters with a raucous rally…”rt @meetthepress: last night @berniesanders won in hawaii, alaska, and washington state. #mtp rt @meetthepress: coming up: @berniesanders joins @chucktodd on #mtp after his wins in hawaii, alaska, and washington.thank you, hawai'i!  rt @janeosanders: an unforgettable moment. "bern, you just won washington.” so proud of you! "our campaign was just declared the winner of two more states. make a $ contribution to show your support tonight!washington, thank you for your huge support! it is hard for anybody to deny that our campaign has the momentum.  tune in live to bernie speaking in wisconsin here: thank you, alaska! together we are sending a message that this government belongs to all of us.  thank you to the , international longshore and warehouse union members! you are a vital part of our movement. together. pennsylvania: the deadline to register to vote in your primary is on monday. please visit  to find out how.rt @feelthebernorg: check out this great volunteer-made tool:  message people that like bernie in each state and in…rt @nywfp: brooklyn showing huge love for @ninaturner at #nyforbernie hq kickoff #wfpbernie #feelthebern turnout is huge across washington! stay in line and make sure your voice is heard. #wacaucustoday we are going to tell the world we demand a government that represents all of us, not just a handful of wealthy campaign contributors.rhode island: tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote in the primary! visit  to find out how.today, we are going to say loud and clear the billionaire class cannot have it all. grab a friend and go caucus! "the great state of washington has the opportunity to help lead this country into a political revolution!alaska, hawaii and washington — today we caucus. get to your caucus location early and join history in the making. tune in to #bernieinseattle live here: rt @kylieatwood: as a kid @berniesanders dreamed of being on a mlb field, didn't think he would be giving a speech. but here he is: we need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.violence and brutality, particularly at the hands of the police, is unacceptable and must not be tolerated."under my administration, the right to self-determination and self-governance would rest in native hawaiian hands.a little bird told me alaska is ready to join the political revolution. #birdiesanders  let's fly away with a win tomorrow for #birdiesanders.  rt @portlandia: put. a. bern. on. it. #birdiesanders """the american people are not looking to settle for inches. they're looking for real change."" #birdiesanders and i are on our way to our rally in seattle at safeco field. meet us there:  rt @billy_gendell: peeps a vote for bernie is a vote for #birdiesanders. say “owl  caucus tomorrow." toucan make a difference #leftwing htt…rt @thedailyshow: we anticipated #birdiesanders months ago  "a vote for bernie is a vote for #birdiesanders. come out and caucus tomorrow in ak, hi &amp; wa. #birdiesanders "tune in to our rally live from portland here:  #bernieinpdx"we need to reform our criminal justice system so that we don't continue to see such a grotesque disparity in sentencing for people of color.alaska, hawaii &amp; washington — grab a friend or family member and caucus for bernie tomorrow. together, we can win. "we must do all we can as a nation to create an aids and hiv-free generation. "rt @dreamerj_d: new york — join our staff for a big rally and massive canvass launch at our state hq grand opening in brooklyn! rsvpwisconsin, join me for a rally in madison tomorrow at  pm. rsvp here:  #madisonforberniert @thehill: dnc official who quit to back sanders cuts emotional new ad | watch:  rt @cascamike: "when republicans controlled congress sanders passed the most roll call amendments () out of anyone in the house…” "rt @alancumming: today is the last day to register to vote in the ny primary! #bernie has my vote!#feelthebern #nyforbernie "seattle — join me for a rally today at  pm at safeco field. more info here: #bernieinseattle"for the last  years the great middle class of our country — once the envy of the world — has been disappearing.we have more people in jail than any other country. lives are destroyed as we spend $ billion locking up fellow americans.a handful of people on wall street have extraordinary power. in , their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the global economy.rt @vanjones: amazing ad! "the cost of war | bernie sanders" @tulsigabbard  "rt @janeosanders: i'm in anchorage, alaska tonight hosting a town hall. if you can't make it, tune in for the live stream here: virtually every republican candidate for president wants us to believe social security is in crisis and must be cut. they are dead wrong.millions of americans lost their life savings after , but social security was right there paying full benefits.rt @politico: .@berniesanders gets backing from key west coast union  | ap photo wyoming! tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote. please visit  to find out how."the decision to have an abortion is for a woman to make, not the governor of indiana. we need to re-enfranchise the more than  million americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction.new york! tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote. please visit  to find out how.rt @maryaliceparks: good news for @berniesanders headed into saturday's wa caucus - campaign announces endorsement from internat'l longshor…"join me for a rally in portland, oregon tomorrow. rsvp here: #bernieinpdx"one way we can make it easier to vote is by reaffirming our support for the voting rights act. add your support: one reason it is so hard to vote in arizona is because the supreme court gutted the voting rights act.  voting should not be this difficult.on tuesday night, people waited in line for  hours to vote. we don't know how many didn't get to cast their ballots. this is unacceptable.i'm glad to see @mayorstanton asking @thejusticedept to investigate the voting delays in arizona.  the system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and  percent of all new income goes to the top  percent.big pharma cannot continue to evade taxes while ripping off americans who already pay the highest prescription drug prices in the world.it's time to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity. this law has no place in america. rt @unipolitica: .@berniesanders: "he trabajado por los #indocumentados", entrevista de @yorshmore  my plan: break up big banks, close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share. then we can expand health care and make college free.as president, i will fight attempts to undercut roe v. wade. we must protect and expand a woman's right to abortion.as president, i will stand with native americans in the struggle to protect their treaty and sovereign rights. bernie is on live right now with @theyoungturks. tune in here: rt @theyoungturks: cenk uygur will be interviewing bernie sanders live on #theyoungturks, today at pm easter…  the goal of u.s. military policy must be to destroy isis, but to do it in a way that does not get u.s. troops involved in perpetual warfare."join @tulsigabbard for a national conference call on veterans’ issues tomorrow, march . rsvp here: as president, i will defend this nation but i will do it responsibly. i voted against the war in iraq and that was the right vote.smile! we're making a new ad and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: you! submit yours:  😀rt @billmckibben: america's greenhouse gas emissions are barely falling--or not at all--thanks to #fracking.  no, we’re not gonna deny coverage for contraception or any other procedure because an employer has a “moral” objection to it. #handsoffmybcwe are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control. #handsoffmybctrump thinks we should not raise the minimum wage. he wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the wealthy. i don't think so."it is time for the u.s. government to treat native american tribes with respect and dignity.we need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few.thank you idaho for our second big win of the night! thank you to all those who caucused tonight in utah! tune in live to our future to believe in rally in san diego here: if you're in arizona, make sure to stay in line. every vote counts.it’s a national disgrace that people have to wait hours to cast a vote in any election.rt @jimmykimmellive: senator @berniesanders tonight + @twhiddleston @grangersmith and jimmy &amp; @iamguillermo return as #homeworkhelperguys h…utah — if you're in line, you have a right to caucus. make your voice heard. stay in line and caucus for bernie. issues? call --.if you're in line to vote before  p.m. in arizona, do not leave! you have the right to vote. any issues or concerns? call --.rt @votereagan: attn #az voters - if in line by  pm at polls, you can vote no matter how long the line is!  hang tough!  #azvotesidaho — if you're in line, you have a right to caucus. your voice matters. stay in line and practice democracy. questions or issues while voting or caucusing today? call our hotline: rt @micnews: .@berniesanders is the only presidential candidate with a plan to empower native americans: arizona, we need your help! after you vote today, ask the clerk for the turnout at your precinct and report it: ready for a political revolution? get out and vote or caucus right now! text find to  for your location. rt @thedemocrats: this is how a president talks to fellow americans. "idaho, stand up and fight for american democracy, an economy that works for all and a sane foreign policy. #idcaucusi continue to stand by the president's calls for congress to fully lift the failed embargo on cuba. fifty years of cold war is enough.rt @keithellison: we must stand together against terror. @realdonaldtrump &amp; @tedcruz embrace fear &amp; hatred by proposing torture &amp; racial pr…rt @cwadistrict: .@verizonpolicy @verizon bernie's playbook is just fine. vz pays lower fed income tax rate than many of its workers. voting or caucusing for bernie in arizona, idaho or utah today? use #ivoted or #icaucused and share this image! i stand with the students in puerto rico who are saying loudly and clearly that they will not accept austerity cuts! rt @dreamerj_d: #arizona #utah #idaho text ur state initials az, id, or ut to  for voting information #gotvforbernie #azprimary rt @standwithraul: everyone go support @berniesanders in #azprimary today! i know i will. learn more, help out at  …it’s important we not succumb to bigotry. we are fighting a terrorist organization killing innocent people. we are not fighting a religion."we have got to do everything we can to make certain that a republican does not occupy the white house."there is no question that you are looking at the strongest democratic candidate. arizona, idaho y utah — llegó el turno de ustedes para votar por nuestro movimiento. vayan con sus familiares y amigos a votar.