i have determined that it is time to officially recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel. i am also directing t… "join me live from the @whitehouse via #periscopeour thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of california’s wildfires. i encourage everyone to heed the… make america great again!rt @scavino: time lapse video of the border wall prototypes, when they were being built in san diego. next phase underway: testing and ev…join me this friday in pensacola, florida at the pensacola bay center! tickets:  "yesterday, i was thrilled to be with so many wonderful friends, in utah’s magnificent capitol.it was my honor to… a must watch: legal scholar alan dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to… with the great vote on cutting taxes, this could be a big day for the stock market - and you!putting pelosi/schumer liberal puppet jones into office in alabama would hurt our great republican agenda of low on… democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive tax cuts is why we need republican roy moore to win in alabama.… report: “anti-trump fbi agent led clinton email probe”  now it all starts to make sense!people who lost money when the stock market went down  points based on the false and dishonest reporting of bria… after years of comey, with the phony and dishonest clinton investigation (and more), running the fbi, its reputatio… tainted (no, very dishonest?) fbi “agent’s role in clinton probe under review.” led clinton email probe.… such a total miscarriage of justice in san francisco! rt @paulsperry_: wray needs to clean house. now we know the politicization even worse than mccabe's ties to mcauliffe/clinton. it also infe…rt @paulsperry_: breaking: top fbi investigator for mueller--peter strzok--busted sending political text messages bashing trump &amp; praising…rt @govchristie: .@potus has done more to combat the addiction crisis than any other president. "rt @presssec: the trump effect: “the u.s. economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade” -wsji never asked comey to stop investigating flynn. just more fake news covering another comey lie!congratulations to @abc news for suspending brian ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the… many people in our country are asking what the “justice” department is going to do about the fact that totally croo… so general flynn lies to the fbi and his life is destroyed, while crooked hillary clinton, on that now famous fbi h… great job first lady melania!  years ago this week, a brave seamstress in montgomery, alabama uttered one word that changed history... i had to fire general flynn because he lied to the vice president and the fbi. he has pled guilty to those lies. it… biggest tax bill and tax cuts in history just passed in the senate. now these great republicans will be going for f… we are one step closer to delivering massive tax cuts for working families across america. special thanks to… "economists on the tax cuts and jobs act:“the enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corpor… the media has been speculating that i fired rex tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - fake news! he’s not le… rt @whitehouse: president trump proclaims today as #worldaidsday:  republicans senators are working hard to pass the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. the bill is getti… the jury was not told the killer of kate was a  time felon. the schumer/pelosi democrats are so weak on crime that… the kate steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected obama border, always committing crimes and bei… a disgraceful verdict in the kate steinle case! no wonder the people of our country are so angry with illegal immigration.the christmas story begins , years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift… today is a day that i’ve been looking very much forward to all year long. it is one that you have heard me speak ab… "our fifth k milestone of !#dowk #maga today, it was my great honor to meet with the crown prince of bahrain at the @whitehouse. bahrain and the united st… thank you @senorrinhatch. let’s continue making america great again!  the dow just broke , for the first time (another all-time record). if the dems had won the presidential electi… stock market hits new record high. confidence and enthusiasm abound. more great numbers coming out!the chinese envoy, who just returned from north korea, seems to have had no impact on little rocket man. hard to be… the failing @nytimes has totally gone against the social media guidelines that they installed to preserve some cred… the failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the democrat party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to… funny to hear the democrats talking about the national debt when president obama doubled it in only  years!“had the information (crooked hillary’s emails) been released there would have been harm to national security...."… the only people who don’t like the tax cut bill are the people that don’t understand it or the obstructionist democ… the house of representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the justicedepartment and the fbi for withholding… .@theresa_may, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within th… "now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to restore american prosperity – and reclaim america’s destiny.but… a vote to cut taxes is a vote to put america first. it is time to take care of our workers, to protect our communit… this week, the senate can join the house &amp; take a strong stand for the middle class families who are the backbone o… departing @jba_nafw for st. charles, missouri to help push our plan for historic tax cuts across the finish line.… "economy growing! excluding hurricane effects, cea estimates that real gdp growth would have been .% in q.stock… just spoke to president xi jinping of china concerning the provocative actions of north korea. additional major san… so now that matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil gri… wow, matt lauer was just fired from nbc for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” but when will the top… looks like another great day for the stock market. consumer confidence is at record high. i guess somebody likes me (my policies)!great, and we should boycott fake news cnn. dealing with them is a total waste of time! rt @jaydabf: video: islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death! rt @jaydabf: video: muslim destroys a statue of virgin mary! rt @jaydabf: video: muslim migrant beats up dutch boy on crutches! .@foxandfriends, we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! rt @erictrump: #makeamericagreatagain great day for tax cuts and the republican party. but the biggest winner will be our great country!great work ivanka! just won the lawsuit on leadership of consumer financial protection bureau, cfpb. a big win for the consumer!charles mccullough, the respected fmr intel comm inspector general, said public was misled on crooked hillary email… after north korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! dems shouldn't hold t… rt @narendramodi: had a wonderful meeting with @ivankatrump, advisor to @potus and leader of the us delegation at the @ges. “the conference board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly  years in november. the con… dow, s&amp;p  and nasdaq all finished the day at new record highs! remarks from the roosevelt room with @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell, @speakerryan and secretary of defense, general… “statement from president donald j. trump on #givingtuesday” rt @ivankatrump: it was an honor to meet with you prime minister modi. thank you for co-hosting the th annual global entrepreneurship summ…meeting with “chuck and nancy” today about keeping government open and working. problem is they want illegal immigr… rt @ivankatrump: thank you for the warm welcome. i’m excited to be in hyderabad, india for #ges. rt @flotus: the decorations are up! @whitehouse is ready to celebrate! wishing you a merry christmas &amp; joyous holiday season! rt @statedeptspox: #ges highlights the important role of women #entrepreneurs &amp; demonstrates the importance of #innovation &amp; partnershi…rt @flotus: had a wonderful visit from @jba_nafw children today at the @whitehouse! #whitehousechristmas melania, our great and very hard working first lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that “if you… at least  players kneeling this weekend at nfl stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. the amer… thank you rand! new home sales reach a  year high. stock market has more record gains. hopefully republican senators will give us… the tax cut bill is coming along very well, great support. with just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle c… the good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares! we should have a contest as to which of the networks, plus cnn and not including fox, is the most dishonest, corrup… back in d.c., big week for tax cuts and many other things of great importance to our country.  senate republicans w… since the first day i took office, all you hear is the phony democrat excuse for losing the election, russia, russi… i endorsed luther strange in the alabama primary. he shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. can’t let schum… the last thing we need in alabama and the u.s. senate is a schumer/pelosi puppet who is weak on crime, weak on the… wow, even i didn’t realize we did so much. wish the fake news would report! thank you. .@foxnews is much more important in the united states than cnn, but outside of the u.s., cnn international is still… check out the recent editorial in the wall street journal @wsj about what a complete disaster the @cfpb has been un… the consumer financial protection bureau, or cfpb, has been a total disaster as run by the previous administrations… "happy #smallbusinesssaturday!a great day to support your community and america’s job creators by shopping locally… time magazine called to say that i was probably going to be named “man (person) of the year,” like last year, but i… will be calling the president of egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss o… horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in egypt. the world cannot tolerate t… after turkey call i will be heading over to trump national golf club, jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with tiger wo… will be speaking to president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that i i… can you believe that the disrespect for our country, our flag, our anthem continues without penalty to the players.… two great people! a great guy (with great ratings)! rt @deptofdefense: #happythanksgiving from @usarmy and @usnationalguard #soldiers serving with task force marauder in #afghanistan. 🦃 rt @scavino: today, @potus @realdonaldtrump and @flotus melania visit the @uscg at the lake worth inlet station, in riviera beach, florid…obamacare premiums are going up, up, up, just as i have been predicting for two years. obamacare is owned by the de… my great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @uscg, at the lake worth inlet station, in riviera beach… happy thanksgiving! will be doing a live thanksgiving video teleconference with members of the military at : a.m.  afghanistan, iraq… make america great again!@theplumlinegs make america great again!happy thanksgiving, your country is starting to do really well. jobs coming back, highest stock market ever, milita… ....and it will get even better with tax cuts! i have long given the order to help argentina with the search and rescue mission of their missing submarine.  peo…  million american to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (aaa). traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @foxnewsrt @flotus: preparations are underway to celebrate the holidays at the @whitehouse! the @usnavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. we are monitoring the situation. prayers for… will be having meetings and working the phones from the winter white house in florida (mar-a-lago). stock market hi… rt @ingrahamangle: “far right”? you mean “right so far,” as in @realdonaldtrump has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high…rt @realjmannarino: @realdonaldtrump the ungratefulness is something i’ve never seen before. if you get someone’s son out of prison, he sho…the nfl is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the locker room during the national anthem next season.… ...lavar, you could have spent the next  to  years during thanksgiving with your son in china, but no nba contra… it wasn’t the white house, it wasn’t the state department, it wasn’t father lavar’s so-called people on the ground… today, we continued a wonderful american tradition at the white house. drumstick and wishbone will live out their d… president donald j. trump and @flotus melania participate in the pardoning of the national thanksgiving turkey at t… under president trump unemployment rate will drop below %.  analysts predict economic boom for !  @foxandfriends and @varneycomarshawn lynch of the nfl’s oakland raiders stands for the mexican anthem and sits down to boos for our national an… republican senators are working very hard to get tax cuts and tax reform approved. hopefully it will not be long an… border patrol officer killed at southern border, another badly hurt. we will seek out and bring to justice those re… big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horr… shoplifting is a very big deal in china, as it should be (- years in jail), but not to father lavar. should have… sen. jeff flake(y), who is unelectable in the great state of arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposel… now that the three basketball players are out of china and saved from years in jail, lavar ball, the father of lian… rt @greta: thank you @realdonaldtrump - this is important to so many of us rt @piersmorgan: boom! thank you, mr president. trophy-hunting is repellent. crooked hillary clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. she just can’t stop, which is so good for the… put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as i review all conservation facts. under study for years. wil… today, it was an honor to celebrate the collegiate national champions of / at the @whitehouse!… together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the… if democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into bill!great numbers on stocks and the economy. if we get tax cuts and reform, we'll really see some great results!.and to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. lesley stahl tape?the al frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. where do his hands go in pictures , , ,  &amp;  while she sleeps? .....big win today in the house for gop tax cuts and reform, -. zero dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!congratulations to the house of representatives for passing the #taxcutsandjobsact — a big step toward fulfilling o… need all on the un security council to vote to renew the joint investigative mechanism for syria to ensure that ass… china is sending an envoy and delegation to north korea - a big move, we'll see what happens!....your release possible and, have a great life! be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!to the three ucla basketball players i say:  you're welcome, go out and give a big thank you to president xi jinping of china who made.....big vote tomorrow in the house. tax cuts are getting close!why are democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? the reason: obstruction and delay!it is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!...they should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. the u.s. is being respected again. watch trade!the failing @nytimes hates the fact that i have developed a great relationship with world leaders like xi jinping, president of china.....do you think the three ucla basketball players will say thank you president trump? they were headed for  years in jail!thank you! thank you, working hard! while in the philippines i was forced to watch @cnn, which i have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and fake, it is. loser!.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to asia, and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come!our great country is respected again in asia. you will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!rt @scavino: , miles later #potusinasia has successfully concluded as @potus @realdonaldtrump lands on the south lawn of @whitehouse…rt @realdonaldtrump: unemployment is down to .%, lowest in  years. . million new jobs created since i took office. highest stock mark…rt @pchowka: sean hannity's big week - top ratings, probing reporting, and let there be light at american thinker  h…"rt @realdonaldtrump: thank you to our great military/veterans and @pacificcommand.remember #pearlharbor. remember the @ussarizona!a day…"just returned from asia after  very successful days. great to be home!thank you asia! #usa🇺🇸 thank you to the amazing staff and their families of the united states embassy in the philippines. keep up the grea… one of the most accurate polls last time around. but #fakenews likes to say we’re in the ’s. they are wrong. some… i will be making a major statement from the @whitehouse upon my return to d.c. time and date to be set.just arrived at #asean in the philippines for my final stop with world leaders. will lead to fair trade deals, un… after my tour of asia, all countries dealing with us on trade know that the rules have changed. the united states h… great to see @randpaul looking well and back on the senate floor. he will help us with tax cuts and reform!"excited to be heading home to see the house pass a great tax bill with the middle class getting big tax cuts!#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸"i am proud of the rep. house &amp; senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} we’re getting close! now, ho… happy to announce, i am nominating alex azar to be the next hhs secretary. he will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!will be leaving the philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #maga! my promises are rapidly being fulfilled.great day of bilateral meetings at #aseansummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our cou… thank you! we had a wonderful visit to vietnam, thank you president tran dai quang! heading to the #aseansummit th anniv gal… just landed in the philippines after a great day of meetings and events in hanoi, vietnam! why would kim jong-un insult me by calling me "old," when i would never call him "short and fat?" oh well, i try so… does the fake news media remember when crooked hillary clinton, as secretary of state, was begging russia to be our… when will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with russia is a good thing, n… met with president putin of russia who was at #apec meetings. good discussions on syria. hope for his help to solve… will be doing a joint press conference in hanoi, vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the phillipines.president xi of china has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #noko. said he wants them to denuclearize. progress is being made."“presidential proclamation commemorating the th anniversary of the vietnam war” ➡️ ➡️… on this wonderful veterans day, i want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire american nation to our gre… "on behalf of an entire nation, happy nd birthday to the men and women of the united states marines!#usmc… the united states has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to… the united states is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial co… today i am here to offer a renewed partnership with america -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendsh… in more and more places throughout this region, citizens of sovereign and independent nations have taken greater co… throughout my travels, i've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from america. i've had the honor of sharing o… just landed in da nang, vietnam to deliver a speech at #apeci am leaving china for #apec in vietnam. @flotus melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the g… my meetings with president xi jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of north korea. he is a hi… i don’t blame china, i blame the incompetence of past admins for allowing china to take advantage of the u.s. on tr… in the coming months and years ahead i look forward to building an even stronger relationship between the united st… president xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. it was a truly memorable and impressive display! 📸… congratulations to all of the ”deplorables” and the millions of people who gave us a massive (-) electoral co… looking forward to a full day of meetings with president xi and our delegations tomorrow. thank you for the beautif… noko has interpreted america's past restraint as weakness. this would be a fatal miscalculation. do not underestima… on behalf of @flotus melania and i, thank you for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the forbidden city in b… leaving south korea now heading to china. looking very much forward to meeting and being with president xi!together, we dream of a korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again! anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the u.s. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no lon… the north korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreem… the u.s., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions… "join me live in south korea🇺🇸🇰🇷#nationalassembly #potusinasia ➡️ ed gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what i stand for. don’t forget, republicans won  out of  house… getting ready to make a major speech to the national assembly here in south korea, then will be headed to china whe… thank you to all americans who participated in nat'l rx drug take back day. a record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. we can do this!"franklin, such a great photo. happy th birthday to your father, @billygraham! .@edwgillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of va. ms- and crime will be gone. vote today, asap!....and has been horrible on virginia economy. vote @edwgillespie today!ralph northam will allow crime to be rampant in virginia. he’s weak on crime, weak on our great vets, anti-second amendment........is making. working very hard on tax cuts for the middle class, companies and jobs!stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. there is great confidence in the moves that my administration....thank you to president moon of south korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. it will always be remembered. it was my great honor to have lunch with our incredible u.s. and rok troops at camp humphreys, in south korea. 🇺🇸🇰🇷… "rt @abeshinzo: トランプ大統領による、初の、歴史的な日本訪問は、間違いなく、日米同盟の揺るぎない絆を世界に示すことができました。本当にありがとう、ドナルド。そして、アジア歴訪の大成功をお祈りしています。@realdonaldtrump ....some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!i have great confidence in king salman and the crown prince of saudi arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....getting ready to leave for south korea and meetings with president moon, a fine gentleman. we will figure it all out!my visit to japan and friendship with pm abe will yield many benefits, for our great country. massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++!the state of virginia economy, under democrat rule, has been terrible. if you vote ed gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!#usa🇺🇸 #japan🇯🇵 ...americans do what we do best: we pull together. we join hands. we lock arms and through the tears and the sadnes… may god be w/ the people of sutherland springs, texas. the fbi &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. i am monitoring the situation from japan.heading into the  days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. it was a true honor to be at yokota air base with our great @usforcesjapan! playing golf with prime minister abe and hideki matsuyama, two wonderful people! just gave a speech to the great men and women at yokota air base in tokyo, japan. leaving to see prime minister abe. i am landing shortly. can’t wait to be with our great military. see you soon! would very much appreciate saudi arabia doing their ipo of aramco with the new york stock exchange. important to the united states!unemployment is down to .%, lowest in  years. . million new jobs created since i took office. highest stock market ever, up $. trillrt @ivankatrump: touched by the warm hospitality of prime minister abe and the japanese people. ありがとうございます [thank you]! until next time 🇯🇵…"thank you to our great military/veterans and @pacificcommand.remember #pearlharbor. remember the @ussarizona!a… thank you for such a beautiful welcome hawaii. my great honor to visit @pacificcommand upon arrival. heading to pea… getting ready to land in hawaii. looking so much forward to meeting with our great military/veterans at pearl harbor!the decision on sergeant bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our country and to our military.jobs, jobs, jobs! the rigged dem primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got zero coverage on fake news network tv last night. disgraceful!just took off for ceremony @ pearl harbor. will then be heading to japan, skorea, china, vietnam &amp; the philippines. will never let you down!i always felt i would be running and winning against bernie sanders, not crooked h, without cheating, i was right.bernie sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the dem primary by crooked hillary!...based on that, the military has hit isis "much harder" over the last two days. they will pay a big price for every attack on us!isis just claimed the degenerate animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the west side, was "their soldier." .....pocahontas just stated that the democrats, lead by the legendary crooked hillary clinton, rigged the primaries! lets go fbi &amp; justice dept.the real story on collusion is in donna b's new book. crooked hillary bought the dnc &amp; then stole the democratic primary from crazy bernie!....people are angry.  at some point the justice department, and the fbi, must do what is right and proper. the american public deserves it!...new donna b book says she paid for and stole the dem primary. what about the deleted e-mails, uranium, podesta, the server, plus, plus...everybody is asking why the justice department (and fbi) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with crooked hillary &amp; the dems..my twitter account was taken down for  minutes by a rogue employee. i guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.i will be interviewed by @ingrahamangle on @foxnews at :. enjoy!the @tuckercarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great fbi was so sad to watch. james comey's leadership was a disaster!....this is real collusion and dishonesty. major violation of campaign finance laws and money laundering - where is our justice department?donna brazile just stated the dnc rigged the system to illegally steal the primary from bernie sanders. bought and paid for by crooked h....great tax cut rollout today. the lobbyists are storming capital hill, but the republicans will hold strong and do what is right for america!today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of jerome powell to be the next chairman of the… broadcom's move to america=$ billion of annual rev into u.s.a., $+ billion/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $ bill… today, we are thrilled to welcome @broadcom ceo hock tan to the wh to announce he is moving their hq’s from singapo… congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is security based! we need to make america safe… i am calling on congress to terminate the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities… congratulations to the houston @astros,  #worldseries champions⚾️#houstonstrong #earnhistory ...there is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. should move fast. death penalty!would love to send the nyc terrorist to guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the federal system...nyc terrorist was happy as he asked to hang isis flag in his hospital room. he killed  people, badly injured . should get death penalty!great mtg w/ @cabinet today. tomorrow, i will be announcing the new head of the fed. i think you will be extremely… happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great champion and person!it is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! the united states will be immediately implementing much tougher extreme vetting procedures. the safety of our citizens comes first!just spoke to president macri of argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the west side terror attack. god be with them!chain migration must end now! some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly ev… @senatemajldr @senategop ...and appeals court judges at a record clip! our courts are rapidly changing for the better!thanks to @senatemajldr mcconnell and the @senategop we are appointing high-quality federal district...thank you to the great nypd, first responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible west side atta… @nygovcuomo @nycmayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the west side attack. #nycstrongjust spoke with @nygovcuomo and @nycmayor de blasio to let them know that the federal government...we mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in nyc. all of america is praying and grieving for the families who lost t… ....for the middle class. the house and senate should consider asap as the process of final approval moves along. push biggest tax cuts everwouldn't it be great to repeal the very unfair and unpopular individual mandate in obamacare and use those savings for further tax cuts.....#nycstrong #usa🇺🇸 "senator chuck schumer helping to import europes problems" said col.tony shaffer. we will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriendswe are fighting hard for merit based immigration, no more democrat lottery systems. we must get much tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriendsthe terrorist came into our country through what is called the "diversity visa lottery program," a chuck schumer beauty. i want merit based.i have just ordered homeland security to step up our already extreme vetting program. being politically correct is fine, but not for this!the republican house members are working hard (and late) toward the massive tax cuts that they know you deserve. these will be biggest ever!my thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the new york city terrorist attack. god and your country are with you!we must not allow isis to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the middle east and elsewhere. enough!in nyc, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. law enforcement is following this closely. not in the u.s.a.!"u.s. coal productionup📈.% past year. down📉.% last  years. #endingwaroncoal “home prices reach new all-time highs in august” read more:  "consumer confidence hits highest level since december " read more:  rt @ivankatrump: we're working to make tax cuts &amp; the expanded child tax credit a reality for american families. the time is now! #taxrefor…"wishing everyone a safe and happy halloween!#halloween thank you @luisriveramarin! “statement by president trump on the apprehension of mustafa al-imam for his alleged role in benghazi attacks” ....earth shattering. he and his brother could drain the swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. fake news weak!the biggest story yesterday, the one that has the dems in a dither, is podesta running from his firm. what he know about crooked dems is....i hope people will start to focus on our massive tax cuts for business (jobs) and the middle class (in addition to democrat corruption)!....came to the campaign. few people knew the young, low level volunteer named george, who has already proven to be a liar. check the dems!the fake news is working overtime. as paul manaforts lawyer said, there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he.......also, there is no collusion!sorry, but this is years ago, before paul manafort was part of the trump campaign. but why aren't crooked hillary &amp; the dems the focus?????great job by michaelcaputo on @foxandfriends.report out that obama campaign paid $, to fusion gps. the firm also got $,, (really?) from dnc. nobody knows who ok'd!all of this "russia" talk right when the republicans are making their big push for historic tax cuts &amp; reform. is this coincidental? not!...are now fighting back like never before. there is so much guilt by democrats/clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. do something!..."collusion," which doesn't exist. the dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) witch hunt for evil politics, but the r's......the uranium to russia deal, the  , plus deleted emails, the comey fix and so much more. instead they look at phony trump/russia,....never seen such republican anger &amp; unity as i have concerning the lack of investigation on clinton made fake dossier (now $,,?),....as usual, the obamacare premiums will be up (the dems own it), but we will repeal &amp; replace and have great healthcare soon after tax cuts!jfk files are released, long ahead of schedule!while not at all presidential i must point out that the sloppy michael moore show on broadway was a total bomb and was forced to close. sad!happy #firstrespondersday to all of our heroes out there. we are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrific… ...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest....addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. i am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...after strict consultation with general kelly, the cia and other agencies, i will be releasing all #jfkfiles other than the names and...today is national prescription drug take back day. everyone can help fight the #opioidepidemic by participating!… just read the nice remarks by president jimmy carter about me and how badly i am treated by the press (fake news). thank you mr. president!very little reporting about the great gdp numbers announced yesterday (. despite the big hurricane hits). best consecutive q's in years!"“what happened”“how team hillary played the press for fools on russia”➡️now we know! #jfkfiles "happy birthday @theleegreenwood!#flashbackfriday "people are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the fed will be....🎥.@foxnews chris wallace: “more evidence of dem collusion with russia than gop” we are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through lea… diane black of tennessee, the highly respected house budget committee chairwoman, did a great job in passing budget, setting up big tax cutsthank you @flgovscott. it is now commonly agreed, after many months of costly looking, that there was no collusion between russia and trump. was collusion with hc!happy birthday to the great @theleegreenwood. you and your beautiful song have made such a difference. make america great again!jfk files are being carefully released. in the end there will be great transparency. it is my hope to get just about everything to public!good luck to @joy_villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. she has many fans!congratulations to @speakerryan, @gopleader, @stevescalise and to the republican party on budget passage yesterday. now for biggest tax cutsthank you @foxandfriends. really great job and show!wacky &amp; totally unhinged tom steyer, who has been fighting me and my make america great again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!working together, we will defeat this #opioidepidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse.… effective today, my administration officially declared the #opioidcrisis a national public health emergency under f… big news - budget just passed!do not underestimate the unity within the republican party!ed gillespie will be a great governor of virginia. his opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be very weak on crime!ed gillespie will turn the really bad virginia economy #'s around, and fast. strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!rt @seanhannity: boom!!  tick tock will be another sean success! rt @pchowka: fox news with hannity's help regains its ratings dominance by peter barry chowka at the hagmann report "together, we will make america great again!#americafirst🇺🇸 "this will be the biggest tax cut in the history of our country - and we need it! #taxreform read more:… rt @ivankatrump: working families need #taxreform &amp; the time is now. this administration is committed to ensuring all americans can thrive…interview with @loudobbs coming up at pme on @foxbusiness. enjoy! "texas @govabbott &amp; lt. gov. @danpatrick,thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in tx. k… the long anticipated release of the #jfkfiles will take place tomorrow. so interesting!melania and i look forward to being with president xi &amp; madame peng liyuan in china in two weeks for what will hope… spoke to president xi of china to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. also discussed noko &amp; trade, two very important subjects!just interviewed by @loudobbs. will be aired tonight at pme on @foxbusiness. #dobbscongrats to @reince priebus, a really good and talented man. we’re proud of you reince! make america great again! jeff flake, with an % approval rating in arizona, said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." really, they just gave me a standing o!working hard on the biggest tax cut in u.s. history. great support from so many sides. big winners will be the middle class, business &amp; jobsthe meeting with republican senators yesterday, outside of flake and corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for usa!the reason flake and corker dropped out of the senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. now act so hurt &amp; wounded!"clinton campaign &amp; dnc paid for research that led to the anti-trump fake news dossier. the victim here is the president." @foxnewsso nice being with republican senators today. multiple standing ovations! most are great people who want big tax cuts and success for u.s.“president donald j. trump proclaims october , , as united nations day” read more:  stock market just hit another record high! jobs looking very good....the entire world was laughing and taking advantage of us. people like liddle' bob corker have set the u.s. way back. now we move forward!sen. corker is the incompetent head of the foreign relations committee, &amp; look how poorly the u.s. has done. he doesn't have a clue as.....isn't it sad that lightweight senator bob corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the great state of tennessee, will now fight tax cuts plus!...corker dropped out of the race in tennesse when i refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything trump. look at his record!bob corker, who helped president o give us the bad iran deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in tennessee, is now fighting tax cuts....we will never forget the  american service members killed by hizballah in beirut. they died in service to our na… i had a very respectful conversation with the widow of sgt. la david johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!two dozen nfl players continue to kneel during the national anthem, showing total disrespect to our flag &amp; country.  no leadership in nfl!there will be no change to your (k). this has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!it is finally sinking through. % of people believe major national news orgs fabricate stories about me. fake news, even worse! lost cred.wacky congresswoman wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the republican party, a disaster for dems. you watch her in action &amp; vote r!doing interview today with maria bartiromo at : a.m. on @foxnews - enjoy!...nd amendment, strong military, isis, historic va improvement, supreme court justice, record stock market, lowest unemployment in  yrs!... months than this administration. over  legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....i agree getting tax cuts approved  is important (we will also get healthcare), but perhaps no administration has done more in its first.....just out, but lightly reported: "fewest jobless claims since  show firm u.s. job market" lowest since march . @bpoliticscrooked hillary clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on presidential election than i did. facebook was on her side, not mine!keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on facebook ads. what about the billions of dollars of fake news on cnn, abc, nbc &amp; cbs?officials behind the now discredited "dossier" plead the fifth. justice department and/or fbi should immediately release who paid for it.“trump hails liberation of raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-isis campaign” stock market hits another all time high on friday. . trillion dollars up since election. fake news doesn't spent much time on this!people get what is going on! rt @iamvickytrump: tune in: maria bartiromo has an exclusive interview with president trump subject to the receipt of further information, i will be allowing, as president, the long blocked and classified jfk files to be opened.i hope the fake news media keeps talking about wacky congresswoman wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the democrat party!budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in u.s. history - msm barely covered!great book just out, "a place called heaven," by dr. robert jeffress - a wonderful man!this is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the american people! join me today:… "today, it was an honor to have @unsecretary-general @antonioguterres at the @whitehouse. speaking for the u.s.a.,… thank you @geraldorivera @foxandfriends. agree! just out report: "united kingdom crime rises % annually amid spread of radical islamic terror." not good, we must keep america safe!....this now allows for the passage of large scale tax cuts (and reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!the budget passed late last night,  to . we got zero democrat votes with only rand paul (he will vote for tax cuts) voting against.....great news on the  budget @senatemajldr mcconnell - first step toward delivering massive tax cuts for the ameri… big ratings getter @seanhannity and apprentice champion john rich are right now going on stage in las vegas for #vegasstrong. great show!the fake news is going crazy with wacky congresswoman wilson(d), who was secretly on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!"keep up the great work. i am with you %!""isis is losing its grip...""army colonel ryan dilloncjtf–oir… it was great to have governor @ricardorossello of #puertorico🇵🇷with us at the @whitehouse today. we are with you!… rt @usarmy: @streetmedia @realdonaldtrump he’s done more in  months then obama did in yrs.@foxandfriends "russia sent millions to clinton foundation"workers of firm involved with the discredited and fake dossier take the th. who paid for it, russia, the fbi or the dems (or all)?uranium deal to russia, with clinton help and obama administration knowledge, is the biggest story that fake media doesn't want to follow!republicans are going for the big budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. i think we have the votes, but who knows?"% of americans think the media is inventing stories about trump &amp; his administration." @foxnews   it is actually much worse than this!".@danaperino &amp; @bradthor,thank you so much for the wonderful compliment. working hard! #maga """,📈,📈,📈 ,📈this year...four one thousand milestones this year..."" #dowk #maga this is what real pride in our country is all about! #usa🇺🇸 .@nfl: too much talk, not enough action. stand for the national anthem."iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other l… it was an honor to welcome republican and democratic members of the senate finance committee to the @whitehouse tod… our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in california. god bless our brave first responders and @fema tea… the current tax code is a burden on american taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. americans need #taxreform! more:… i am supportive of lamar as a person &amp; also of the process, but i can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ o'care.democrat congresswoman totally fabricated what i said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and i have proof). sad!the nfl has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our national anthem. total disrespect for our great country!as it has turned out, james comey lied and leaked and totally protected hillary clinton. he was the best thing that ever happened to her!the democrats will only vote for tax increases. hopefully, all senate republicans will vote for the largest tax cuts in u.s. history....people not interviewed, including clinton herself. comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? where is justice dept?wow, fbi confirms report that james comey drafted letter exonerating  crooked hillary clinton long before investigation was complete. many..the most important truth our founders understood was: freedom is not a gift from govt. freedom is a gift from god.… thank you @heritage! this is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry &amp;… wow! border wall prototypes underway! any increase in obamacare premiums is the fault of the democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working.so much fake news being put in dying magazines and newspapers. only place worse may be @nbcnews, @cbsnews, @abc and @cnn. fiction writers!it was my great honor to welcome prime minister alexis tsipras of greece to the wh today! 🎥 join me live from the rose garden at :pme with prime minister alexis tsipras of greece. ➡️ """dow passes , for the first time, fueled by strong earnings""#dowk📈 rep.tom marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. tom is a fine man and a great congressman!rt @scavino: u.s. markets from election day {since //} 📈 always great to see the wonderful people of south carolina. thank you for the beautiful welcome at greenville-spart… i was recently asked if crooked hillary clinton is going to run in ? my answer was, "i hope so!"the u.s. has gained more than . trillion dollars in stock market value since election day! also, record business enthusiasm.since election day on november , the stock market is up more than %, unemployment is at a  year low &amp; companies are coming back to u.s.dem senator schumer hated the iran deal made by president obama, but now that i am involved, he is ok with it. tell that to israel, chuck!the democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. that's all they are good at!art laffer just said that he doesn't know how a democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @foxnewsrt @abcnewsradio: global fund championed by ivanka trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations  rt @mike_pence: .@edwgillespie is fighting to grow the economy &amp; cut taxes! he’s fighting for a safer va. and he’s is fighting for affordab…...approvals of the keystone xl &amp; dakota access pipelines. also, look at the recent epa cancelations &amp; our great new supreme court justice!the failing @nytimes, in a story by peter baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of tpp &amp; the paris accord &amp; the fast....rt @foxnews: tonight on "justice," @judgejeanine talks to special guests @erictrump and @laraleatrump - tune in at p et on fox news channe…rt @erictrump: .@laraleatrump and i look forward to being on @judgejeanine tonight at pm! @foxnews #makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 rt @mike_pence: we are heading to virginia. looking forward to supporting my friend @edwgillespie. he will make a great governor for the co…the democrats in the southwest part of virginia have been abandoned by their party. republican ed gillespie will never let you down!very proud of my executive order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for healthcare. millions of people benefit!health insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the obamacare years, plunged yesterday after i ended their dems windfall!"rt @realdonaldtrump: ""consumer confidence soars to highest level since ""📈 rt @rightlynews: @realdonaldtrump @loudobbs trust in the media is at the lowest level in all of u.s. history. the american people see throu…rt @rightlynews: @realdonaldtrump @loudobbs it is not a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the  election.such a wonderful statement from the great @loudobbs. "we take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern american history."obamacare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. it is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums &amp; deductibles are way up!"money pouring into insurance companies profits, under the guise of obamacare, is over. they have made a fortune.dems must get smart &amp; deal!"many people talking, with much agreement, on my iran speech today. participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with iran!starting to develop a much better relationship with pakistan and its leaders. i want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.#weeklyaddress🇺🇸 today, i announced our strategy to confront the iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acqu… """consumer confidence soars to highest level since ""📈 "in america, we don't worship government - we worship god. #valuesvoterssummit i have no greater privilege than to serve as your commander-in-chief. happy birthday to the incredible men and wome… the wonderful people of puerto rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the h's. i will always be with them!hard to believe that the democrats, who have gone so far left that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for sanctuary crimeobamacare is a broken mess. piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving america the great healthcare it deserves!sadly, they and others are fake news, and the public is just beginning to figure it out! rt @billoreilly: a free press is vital to protecting all americans. a corrupt press damages the republic.the democrats obamacare is imploding. massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. dems should call me to fix!it is time to take care of our country, to rebuild our communities, and to protect our great american workers!… people are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (fakenews) @nbcnews is. viewers beware. may be worse than even @cnn!"happy #nationalfarmersday!📸 we need a tax system that is fair to working families &amp; that encourages companies to stay in america, grow in ameri… "the time has come to take action to improve access, increase choices, and lower costs for healthcare! ➡️… the fake news is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! such hatred!...we cannot keep fema, the military &amp; the first responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in p.r. forever!...accountability say the governor. electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. congress to decide how much to spend...."puerto rico survived the hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says sharyl attkisson. a total lack of.....clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. have a great day!rt @realdonaldtrump: i will be interviewed tonight on @foxnews by @seanhannity at pme. enjoy!in even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love… network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. not fair to public!joining @seanhannity tonight at pme on @foxnews. enjoy! we need a tax system that is fair to working families &amp; that encourages companies to stay in america, grow in ameri… i will be interviewed tonight on @foxnews by @seanhannity at pme. enjoy!"join me live at :pme from harrisburg, pennsylvania! #taxreform #usa🇺🇸 happy to announce we are awarding $m to las vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working ot to respond to last sunday’s tragedy.with all of the fake news coming out of nbc and the networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their license? bad for country!fake @nbcnews made up a story that i wanted a "tenfold" increase in our u.s. nuclear arsenal. pure fiction, made up to demean. nbc = cnn!it is about time that roger goodell of the nfl is finally demanding that all players stand for our great national anthem-respect our countrythe democrats want massive tax increases &amp; soft, crime producing borders.the republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the wall!it would be really nice if the fake news media would report the virtually unprecedented stock market growth since the election.need tax cuts...if congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) i am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #magastock market has increased by . trillion dollars since the election on november th, a % increase. lowest unemployment in  years and.....fired. this story is totally made up by the dishonest media.the chief is doing a fantastic job for me and, more importantly, for the usa!the fake news is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people i know, general john kelly, by saying he will soon be.....my great honor to host the  back-to-back #stanleycup champion pittsburgh penguins at the wh with @flotus today!… rt @israelusaforevr: @realdonaldtrump  the failing @nytimes set liddle' bob corker up by recording his conversation. was made to sound a fool, and that's what i am dealing with!highly respected author, christopher bedford, just came out with book, "the art of the donald, lessons from america's...." really good book!with jemele hill at the mike, it is no wonder espn ratings have "tanked," in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!since congress can't get its act together on healthcare, i will be using the power of the pen to give great healthcare to many people - fastthe problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for u.s.a.why is the nfl getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our anthem, flag and country? change tax law!rt @ivankatrump: .@realdonaldtrump stock market rally is close to becoming the greatest in  years a big salute to jerry jones, owner of the dallas cowboys, who will bench players who disrespect our flag."stand for anthem or sit for game!""president donald j. trump proclaims october , , as #columbusday" the trip by @vp pence was long planned. he is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with north korea for  years, giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. policy didn't work!"the republican party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by trump supporters....."   @nypost  thank you!nobody could have done what i’ve done for #puertorico with so little appreciation. so much work! bob corker gave us the iran deal, &amp; that's about it. we need healthcare, we need tax cuts/reform, we need people that can get the job done!rt @opinionsamerica: @realdonaldtrump strong administration leads to a strong response.fema and first responders are working hard (yet again) on hurricane nate. military helping. very much under control!i asked @vp pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. i am proud of him and @secondlady karen....hence, i would fully expect corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. didn't have the guts to run!..my endorsement). he also wanted to be secretary of state, i said "no thanks." he is also largely responsible for the horrendous iran deal!senator bob corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in tennessee. i said "no" and he dropped out (said he could not win without..."#lasvegasstrong #usa🇺🇸🎥rt @realdonaldtrump: more and more people are suggesting that republicans (and me) should be given equal time on t.v. when you look at the…leaving the white house for the great state of north carolina. big progress being made on many fronts!thanks for your support! ...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of u.s. negotiators. sorry, but only one thing will work!presidents and their administrations have been talking to north korea for  years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......will be joining @govmikehuckabee tonight at pme on @tbn. enjoy! our great team at @fema is prepared for #hurricanenate. everyone in la, ms, al, and fl please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe!.@nbcnews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. the good news is that the people get it, which is really all that matters! not #i called chuck schumer yesterday to see if the dems want to do a great healthcare bill. obamacare is badly broken, big premiums. who knows!more and more people are suggesting that republicans (and me) should be given equal time on t.v. when you look at the one-sided coverage?late night host are dealing with the democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp; repetitive material, always anti-trump! should we get equal time?...contributions. the rnc is taking in far more $'s than the dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. i am working hard for them!can't believe i finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. it discusses the enthusiasm of "trump" voters through campaign....rt @foxbusiness: #stockalert: u.s. markets since the election rt @scavino: .@potus @realdonaldtrump in the oval office w/senior u.s. military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the president &amp; first l…ralph northam,who is running for governor of virginia,is fighting for the violent ms- killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities.  vote ed gillespie!rex tillerson never threatened to resign. this is fake news put out by @nbcnews. low news and reporting standards. no verification from me.stock market hits an all-time high! unemployment lowest in  years! business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!why isn't the senate intel committee looking into the fake news networks in our country to see why so much of our news is just made up-fake!thank you! so wonderful to be in las vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who i will never forget!rt @abc: pres. trump: "we cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror." rt @scavino: .@potus &amp; @flotus w/ @lvmpd officer cook, nd day on job, received gunshot wound to the right chest &amp; right arm, saving live…rt @scavino: .@potus @realdonaldtrump and @flotus melania visit with @umcsn patient tiffany huizarin las vegas earlier today. #vegasstron…rt @foxnews: geraldo blasts 'fake news' reports about trump's visit to puerto rico on behalf of a grateful nation, thank you to all of the first responders (heroes) who saved countless lives in las… we love you las vegas! i will be landing in las vegas shortly to pay my respects with @flotus melania. everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.the @nbcnews story has just been totally refuted by sec. tillerson and @vp pence. it is #fakenews. they should issue an apology to america!nbc news is #fakenews and more dishonest than even cnn. they are a disgrace to good reporting. no wonder their news ratings are way down!wow, so many fake news stories today. no matter what i do or say, they will not write or speak truth. the fake news media is out of control!a great day in puerto rico yesterday. while some of the news coverage is fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.my administration will continue to work around the clock with governor @ricardorossello &amp; his team. great progress… rt @presssec: .@potus and @flotus meet w/ some of america's finest on the uss kearsarge off the coast of pr. rt @seanhannity: tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in america today. we will name names.  est hannity fox…rt @ivankatrump: /: this administration is deeply committed to those who serve &amp; their families who make it possible through their love a…rt @billoreilly: fnc dominated ratings last night. msnbc-disaster demonstrating folks don't trust the network.  toni…rt @jenniffer: thank you @realdonaldtrump for all the help you are providing for puerto rico. we’re are grateful and happy to welcome y…it is a "miracle" how fast the las vegas metropolitan police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!so proud of @fema, military, and first responders! thank you! great meeting with governor mapp of the #usvi. he is very thankful for the great job done by @fema and first respon… leaving puerto rico now for d.c. will be in las vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. everyone is in my thoughts… i am so proud of our great country. god bless america!my warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible las vegas shooting. god bless you!congratulations to #teamusa🇺🇸🏆on your great @presidentscup victory! being nice to rocket man hasn't worked in  years, why would it work now? clinton failed, bush failed, and obama failed. i won't fail....save your energy rex, we'll do what has to be done!i told rex tillerson, our wonderful secretary of state, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with little rocket man......for safety. thank you to the governor of p.r. and to all of those who are working so closely with our first responders. fantastic job!...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by fema and our great military. all buildings now inspected.....we have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in puerto rico. outside of the fake news or politically motivated ingrates,...rt @slandinsocal: when you kneel for our #nationalanthem, you aren't protesting a specific issue, you are protesting our nation and everyth…, respecting our national anthem! #standforouranthem🇺🇸 in analyzing the alabama primary race,fake news always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after endorsement!because of #fakenews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. as seen here, they ar… very important that nfl players stand tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our national anthem. respect our flag and our country!i will be in pr on tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need.results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by san juan mayor. doing everything we can to help great people of pr!we must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in puerto rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster."@ricardorossello ......#fakenews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #prstrong🇵🇷"my administration, governor @ricardorossello, and many others are working together to help the people of puerto rico in every way..."to the people of puerto rico:do not believe the #fakenews!#prstrong🇵🇷"congresswoman jennifer gonzalez-colon of puerto rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. thank you!just spoke to governor kenneth mapp of the u.s. virgin islands who stated that #fema and military are doing a great job! thank you governor!the governor of puerto rico, ricardo rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. thank you ricky!despite the fake news media in conjunction with the dems, an amazing job is being done in puerto rico. great people!the fake news networks are working overtime in puerto rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first r's. shame!i will be going to puerto rico on tuesday with melania. will hopefully be able to stop at the u.s. virgin islands (people working hard).fake news cnn and nbc are going out of their way to disparage our great first responders as a way to "get trump." not fair to fr or effort!rt @flotus: thank you to all who participated in today's discussion on opioid abuse. by talking about it, we can start to make a real diffe…rt @deptofdefense: video: elements of the #dod and @fema are providing humanitarian relief for #puertorico 🇵🇷  and #usvi 🇻🇮 . "rt @usairforce: ⚡️ “#airforce relief efforts in #puertorico &amp; #virginislands”rt @uscgsoutheast: .@uscg crews worked together with the @redcross, @fema, and members of local #police, #fire and #government to distribut…the military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. puerto rico was totally destroyed....want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. , federal workers now on island doing a fantastic job....such poor leadership ability by the mayor of san juan, and others in puerto rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. they....the mayor of san juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the democrats that you must be nasty to trump.rt @scavino: #usnscomfort en route to #puertorico, from norfolk, virginia to support hurricane maria relief efforts. 🇺🇸🇵🇷 "rt @scavino: under potus' @realdonaldtrump ☑️s&amp;p  th📈record high ☑️nasdaq th📈record high☑️#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸 rt @scavino: "manufacturer optimism hits record high after #taxreform plan revealed" "rt @scavino: potus' @realdonaldtrump on hurricane response efforts in #puertorico on instagram, part of // weekly address.🎥rt @erictrump: congratulations @seanhannity! looking forward to being on the show tonight at pmet  hannity beats maddow - politico rt @foxnews: tune in: @erictrump joins @seanhannity tonight at p et on @foxnews channel! #hannityat rt @loudobbs: #americafirst- @kellyannepolls: the middle class &amp; businesses will benefit from @potus' historic tax revolution. #dobbs #maga…@impdnews @potus thank you to the amazing indianapolis metropolitan police department and all law enforcement offic… "join me for my #weeklyaddress🇺🇸 my thoughts are with all those observing yom kippur, the holiest day of the jewish year. thank you @shopfloornam. an honor to be with you today. great news! manufacturers report record-high economic optim… this week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms wit… record high for s &amp; p !thank you to fema, our great military &amp; all first responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in puerto rico. see you tuesday!...the fact is that puerto rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!puerto rico governor ricardo rossello just stated: "the administration and the president, every time we've spoken, they've delivered......gdp was revised upward to . for last quarter. many people thought it would be years before that happened. we have just begun!"rt @gopchairwoman: the trump inaugural committee is donating $ million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes. puerto rico is devastated. phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. fema and first responders are amazing. governor said "great job!"rt @billoreilly: hannity crushing msnbc at . good for him! check the no spin news on  killing england a huge bests…rt @ivankatrump: thank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need. #puertorico #hurricanemaria ht…...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. military is now on site and i will be there tuesday. wish press would treat fairly!fema &amp; first responders are doing a great job in puerto rico. massive food &amp; water delivered. docks &amp; electric grid dead. locals trying...."welcome back @stevescalise!#teamscalise the electric power grid in puerto rico is totally shot. large numbers of generators are now on island. food and water on site.democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? great reviews for tax cut and reform bill.it is time to take care of our people, to rebuild our nation, and to fight for our great american workers!… this is the right tax cut @ the right time. we will all succeed &amp; grow together – as one team, one people, &amp; one am… just arrived in indianapolis, indiana to make an announcement on #taxreform! together, we are going to make america… ..but the people were pro-trump! virtually no president has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first  months-and economy roaringfacebook was always anti-trump.the networks were always anti-trump hence,fake news, @nytimes(apologized) &amp; @wapo were anti-trump. collusion?we will have the votes for healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of friday, after which we need . get rid of filibuster rule!with one yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from alaska and two others (mccain is out), we have the hcare vote, but not for friday!spoke to jerry jones of the dallas cowboys yesterday. jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. players will stand for country!spoke to roy moore of alabama last night for the first time. sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. he will help to #maga!congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in alabama. luther strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. roy, win in dec!even usain bolt from jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed respect for our national…  years ago today, the national security council met for the first time. great history of advising presidents-then &amp; now! thanks nsc staff!thank you to our wonderful team @usun and their families. keep up the great work! #usa🇺🇸 it was an honor to welcome president @marianorajoy of spain. thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate… i want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in spain last… america's hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of #puertorico &amp; the #usvi. we will get through this - and we will g… heading over to the @un to meet with ambassador @nikkihaley and all of her great representatives! #usa🇺🇸rt @ricardorossello: briefed @potus @realdonaldtrump in #situationroom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response &amp; commitment to o…honored to welcome republican and democrat members of the house ways and means committee to the white house today!… the nfl has all sorts of rules and regulations. the only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our national anthem!thank you to carmen yulin cruz, the mayor of san juan, for your kind words on fema etc.we are working hard. much food and water there/on waygreat interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of otto warmbier:  - . otto was tortured beyond belief by north korea.but while dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our national anthem. big progress being made-we all love our country!the booing at the nfl football game last night, when the entire dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest i have ever heard. great angerratings for nfl football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!a few of the many clips of john mccain talking about repealing &amp; replacing o'care. my oh my has he changed-complete… ...owed to wall street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #fema...it's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. much of the island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....texas &amp; florida are doing great but puerto rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt, is in deep trouble.."tremendous backlash against the nfl and its players for disrespect of our country.#standforouranthem🇺🇸"general john kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on nfl players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our flag or great country!.@cnn is #fakenews. just reported cos (john kelly) was opposed to my stance on nfl players disrespecting flag, anthem, country. total lie!rt @jaymaga: nflplayer pattillman joined u.s. army in . he was killed in action . he fought our country/freedom. #standforourant…#standforouranthemthe white house never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. important meetings taking place today. big tax cuts &amp; reform.the issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. it is about respect for our country, flag and national anthem. nfl must respect this!many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). these are fans who demand respect for our flag!so proud of nascar and its supporters and fans. they won't put up with disrespecting our country or our flag - they said it loud and clear!"making america safe is my number one priority. we will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their national anthem or their country. nfl should change policy!alaska, arizona, maine and kentucky are big winners in the healthcare proposal.  years of repeal &amp; replace and some senators not there.courageous patriots have fought and died for our great american flag --- we must honor and respect it!  make america great again!rt @donnawr: @realdonaldtrump i wonder what this brave american would give to stand on his own two legs just once more for our #anthem?…"rt @donnawr: @realdonaldtrump you can boycott our anthem we can boycott you! #nfl #maga please to inform that the champion pittsburgh penguins of the nhl will be joining me at the white house for ceremony. great team!great solidarity for our national anthem and for our country. standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. bad ratings!...nfl attendance and ratings are way down. boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. league should back u.s.if nfl fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our flag &amp; country, you will see change take place fast. fire or suspend!just heard foreign minister of north korea speak at u.n. if he echoes thoughts of little rocket man, they won't be around much longer!roger goodell of nfl just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.tell them to stand!democrats are laughingly saying that mccain had a "moment of courage." tell that to the people of arizona who were deceived. % increase!iran just test-fired a ballistic missile capable of reaching israel.they are also working with north korea.not much of an agreement we have!very proud of our incredible first lady (@flotus.) she is a truly great representative for our country! ...our great american flag (or country) and should stand for the national anthem. if not, you're fired. find something else to do!if a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the nfl,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....going to the white house is considered a great honor for a championship team.stephen curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!it was great being with luther strange last night in alabama. what great people, what a crowd! vote luther on tuesday.alaska had a % plus increase in premiums under obamacare, worst in the country. deductibles high, people angry! lisa m comes through.i know rand paul and i think he may find a way to get there for the good of the party!large block grants to states is a good thing to do. better control &amp;  management. great for arizona. mccain let his best friend l.g. down!arizona had a % increase in obamacare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. chuck schumer sold john mccain a bill of goods. sadjohn mccain never had any intention of voting for this bill, which his governor loves. he campaigned on repeal &amp; replace. let arizona down!heading to alabama now, big crowd!thank you to doug parker and american airlines for all of the help you have given to the u.s. with hurricane flights. fantastic job!#usaatunga🇺🇸#unga will be in alabama tonight. luther strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. he loves alabama, and so do i!the greatest influence over our election was the fake news media "screaming" for crooked hillary clinton. next, she was a bad candidate!the russia hoax continues, now it's ads on facebook. what about the totally biased and dishonest media coverage in favor of crooked hillary?"rt @donnawr: .@potus #trump🇺🇸 &amp; @flotus🌺when all seemed hopeless...you brought hope!you inspire us all!#maga #harvey @scavino #usa…"rt @twitterdata: these are the  most tweeted about world leaders during the first day of #unga general debate thank you! kim jong un of north korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!rand paul, or whoever votes against hcare bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the republican who saved obamacare."a big day for the u.s. at the united nations!senator luther strange has gone up a lot in the polls since i endorsed him a month ago. now a close runoff. he will be great in d.c.today, i announced a new executive order with re: to north korea. we must all do our part to ensure the complete de… "it was a great privilege to meet with president moon of south korea.stay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷#unga "it was wonderful to have president petro poroshenko of ukraine with us in new york city today. #unga🎥… it was a pleasure to have president ashraf ghani of afghanistan with us this morning! #usaatunga #unga "governor @ricardorossello- we are with you and the people of puerto rico. stay safe! #prstrong"senator (doctor) bill cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their health(care), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!the nra strongly endorses luther strange for senator of alabama.that means all gun owners should vote for big luther. he won't let you down!i would not sign graham-cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. it does! a great bill. repeal &amp; replace.alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "big" luther strange. smart, tough on crime, borders &amp; trade, loves vets &amp; military. tuesday!on behalf of all americans, i want to wish jewish families many blessings in the new year.  rt @vp: went to the senate today to say @potus &amp; i fully support graham-cassidy plan to repeal/replace obamacare. let's get this done. honored to host a luncheon for african leaders this afternoon. great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities… honored to meet w/ pres abbas from the palestinian authority &amp; his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybo… it was a great honor to be with king abdullah ii of jordan and his delegation this morning. we had a great bilatera… looking forward to friday night in the great state of alabama. i am supporting "big" luther strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me!i hope republican senators will vote for graham-cassidy and fulfill their promise to repeal &amp; replace obamacare. money direct to states!rand paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. graham-cassidy bill is great! ends ocare!rt @franklin_graham: join me in praying for @potus. he reminded the world, “if the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil…thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!rt @realeaglebites: @realdonaldtrump it is the height of hypocrisy. obama and clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to north korea by thei…the world is noticing, thanks! rt @donnawr: @realdonaldtrump thank you @potus for believing in us like we believed in you! #maga after allowing north korea to research and build nukes while secretary of state (bill c also), crooked hillary now criticizes.big meetings today at the united nations. so many interesting leaders. america first will make america great again!"rt @scavino: ""the iran deal was one of the worst &amp; most one sided transactions the united states has ever entered into.""@potus @realdona…""rt @scavino: #wethepeople🇺🇸#usaatunga #unga rt @scavino: .@potus @realdonaldtrump and @un secretary-general @antonioguterres pose for📸prior to their expanded bilateral meeting. #usa…i was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the emmys last night - the worst ever. smartest people of them all are the "deplorables."so nice, thank you! a great and important day at the united nations.met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what i stated in my speech!puerto rico being hit hard by new monster hurricane. be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!"the true question for the @un...🎥"it was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the united nations.#usaatunga🇺🇸#unga… god bless the people of mexico city. we are with you and will be there for you."as president of the united states of america, i will always put #americafirst🇺🇸#ungafull remarks:… the🇺🇸has great strength &amp; patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but… rt @ivankatrump: i have long respected india's accomplished and charismatic foreign minister @sushmaswaraj, and it was an honor to meet her…big day at the united nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. we have a great team. big speech at : a.m.#usaatunga🇺🇸 #unga we call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in venezuela, and we want it to happen very, v… it was a great honor to be with president @emmanuelmacron of france this afternoon with his delegation. great bilat… such an honor to have my good friend, israel pm @netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in nyc this afternoon. #unga… looking forward to meeting with prime minister @netanyahu shortly. peace in the middle east would be a truly great legacy for all people!we commend sg @antonioguterres &amp; his call for the un to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. #usaatunga… happy th birthday @cia! happy th birthday @usairforce! rt @realdonaldtrump: loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.the internet is their main recruitment tool which we must…rt @realdonaldtrump: the travel ban into the united states should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be…important meetings and calls scheduled for today. military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #magart @markets: what is trump worth to twitter? one analyst estimates $ billion  my great honor! rt @fuctupmind: @realdonaldtrump donald trump's amazing golf swing #crookedhillary rt @team_trump: @realdonaldtrump  rt @team_trump: @realdonaldtrump  rt @team_trump: @realdonaldtrump  rt @team_trump: @realdonaldtrump  rt @dmartosko: this is the #nytimes. can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them? thank you! i spoke with president moon of south korea last night. asked him how rocket man is doing. long gas lines forming in north korea. too bad!attorney general bill schuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan. i am bringing back your jobs and bill will helpi will be in huntsville, alabama, on saturday night to support luther strange for senate. "big luther" is a great guy who gets things done!a great deal of good things happening for our country. jobs and stock market at all time highs, and i believe will be getting even better!happy th birthday to the @usairforce! the american people are eternally grateful. thank you for keeping america p… we will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont:… our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of london, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... "never forget our heroes held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.proclamation:… "frank “fx” giaccio-on behalf of @flotus melania &amp; myself, thank you for doing a great job this morning!… weekly address🇺🇸 chain migration cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on immigration!espn is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). people are dumping it in record numbers. apologize for untruth!we have made more progress in the last nine months against isis than the obama administration has made in  years.must be proactive &amp; nasty!the travel ban into the united states should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.the internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!another attack in london by a loser terrorist.these are sick and demented people who were in the sights of scotland yard. must be proactive!with the ridiculous filibuster rule in the senate, republicans need  votes to pass legislation, rather than . can't get votes, end now!"florida-just like tx, we are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/you every single day after, to res… "we are with you florida!emergency information ---volunteer --fl-help-… ...i told republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. but don't worry, i will veto because i love our country &amp; its people.bernie sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the u.s. &amp; its people...spoke to president of mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. unable to reach for  days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.just left florida for d.c. the people and spirit in that great state is unbelievable. damage horrific but will be better than ever!am leaving now for florida to see our great first responders and to thank the u.s. coast guard, fema etc. a real disaster, much work to do!...they have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. plus big border securitydoes anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? really!.....the wall, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.no deal was made last night on daca. massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. would be subject to vote.the "deplorables" came back to haunt hillary.they expressed their feelings loud and clear. she spent big money but, in the end, had no game!crooked hillary clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. she lost the debates and lost her direction!china has a business tax rate of %. we should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. jobs and wages!with irma and harvey devastation, tax cuts and tax reform is needed more than ever before. go congress, go!i will be traveling to florida tomorrow to meet with our great coast guard, fema and many of the brave first responders &amp; others.the approval process for the biggest tax cut &amp; tax reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. move fast congress!it was a great honor to welcome prime minister najib abdul razak of malaysia and his distinguished delegation to th… congratulations to eric &amp; lara on the birth of their son, eric "luke" trump this morning! the devastation left by hurricane irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #fake news!rt @loudobbs: making america great again- @kellyannepolls: after #irma @potus is focused on saving lives, not swamp shenanigans. #dobbs #ma…may god forever bless the united states of america. #neverforget #neverforget rt @scavino: hurricane force winds hit florida keys.  shelters have been opened in florida. shelters near you➡️rt @secretarysonny: serious @cabinet meeting today, called by @potus at camp david. reports on #irma's track, potential impact, fed &amp; state…rt @travelgov: continue to notify us of us citizens overseas impacted by #hurricaneirma &amp; #hurricanejose.  "rt @kellyannepolls: love and prayers for friends adrienne &amp; eric bolling. may eric chase know eternal peace. rt @nypdnews: many supported nyers when sandy hit. now our ny task force- can be there to help others during harvey &amp; #hurricaneirma. here…rt @seanhannity: @ericbolling to my dear friend, please know we all love you, will be here for you and your family.rt @donaldjtrumpjr: great pic from a friend on @cbpflorida @customsborder who have been helping with #harvey recovery and now with #irma. t…rt @scavino: florida governor rick @flgovscott. #hurricaineirma rt @erictrump: please stay safe #florida! you are in our thoughts and we are praying for you! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 the u.s. coast guard, fema and all federal and state brave people are ready. here comes irma. god bless everyone!"heed the advice of @flgovscott!""if you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...there's not many… this is a storm of enormous destructive power, and i ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed all instructions from… "florida- visit  to find shelters, road closures, &amp; evacuation routes. helpful twitter list:… churches in texas should be entitled to reimbursement from fema relief funds for helping victims of hurricane harvey (just like others)."a message to my fellow americans🇺🇸#irmahurricane🎥🎥 republicans must start the tax reform/tax cut legislation asap. don't wait until the end of september. needed now more than ever. hurry!...never allow the republicans to pass even great legislation.  dems control - will rarely get  (vs. ) votes. it is a repub death wish!republicans, sorry, but i've been hearing about repeal &amp; replace for  years, didn't happen! even worse, the senate filibuster rule will....our incredible u.s. coast guard saved more than , lives last week with harvey. irma could be even tougher. we love our coast guard!hurricane irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. be safe and get out of its way,if possible. federal g is ready!we will confront any challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. i’m proud to stand with presidents for #oneamericaappeal.i encourage everyone in the path of #hurricaneirma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials! during my trip to saudi arabia, i spoke to the leaders of more than  arab &amp; muslim nations about the need to conf… together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are no match for the blessings of pro… welcome to the @whitehouse, amir sabah al-ahmed al-jaber al-sabah of kuwait! joint press conference coming up soon:… for all of those (daca) that are concerned about your status during the  month period, you have nothing to worry about - no action!"rt @gop: .@ivankatrump: this administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda.rt @whitehouse: the current tax code is a burden on american taxpayers and harmful to american job-creators. learn more: rt @gop: .@potus: i want to work with congress, republicans, and democrats on a plan that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, and pro-amer…thank you, our great honor! hurricane irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. be careful, be safe! #femawe want our companies to hire &amp; grow in america, to raise wages for american workers, &amp; to help rebuild our america… if we want to renew our prosperity, restore opportunity, &amp; re-establish our economic dominance, then we need tax re… thank you for joining me in mandan, nd gov. @dougburgum, lt. gov. @brentsanfordnd, @senjohnhoeven, @repkevincramer… "wonderful to be in north dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the andeavor refinery. full remarks:… just spoke w/ governors rick scott of florida, kenneth mapp of the u.s. virgin islands &amp; ricardo rosselló of puerto… "'president donald j. trump approves emergency declarations'➡️➡️➡️… rt @vp: .@potus is committed to the health &amp; well-being of the us people &amp; we are confident dr. jerome adams will succeed as our new surgeo…hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the atlantic!watching hurricane closely. my team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in texas, is already in florida. no rest for the weary!will be going to north dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. we are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.congress now has  months to legalize daca (something the obama administration was unable to do). if they can't, i will revisit this issue!i look forward to working w/ d's + r's in congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country st."rt @the_trump_train: @realdonaldtrump make no mistake, we are going to put the interest of american citizens first! the forgotten men &amp; w…"i am allowing japan &amp; south korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the united states.rt @danscavino: 'trump as commander in chief, making the hard decisions' by ltg (ret) kellogg, a highly decorated vietnam war vet: congress, get ready to do your job - daca!big week coming up!we are building our future with american hands, american labor, american iron, aluminum and steel. happy #laborday! the united states is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with north korea.i will be meeting general kelly, general mattis and other military leaders at the white house to discuss north korea. thank you.south korea is finding, as i have told them, that their talk of appeasement with north korea will not work, they only understand one thing!..north korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to china, which is trying to help but with little success.north korea has conducted a major nuclear test. their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the united states.....so much spirit in la! thank you to all of our hereos who saved many lives. an honor to spend time w/ @nationalguard… remember, sunday is national prayer day (by presidential proclamation)!just got back to the white house from the great states of texas and louisiana, where things are going well. such cooperation &amp; coordination!the manufacturing index rose to %, the highest level since early  - and we can do much better!rt @team_trump: @realdonaldtrump  rt @columbiabugle: @realdonaldtrump @flotus president trump greeting families affected by hurricane harvey. #texasstrong rt @columbiabugle: @realdonaldtrump love our @flotus! "together, we will prevail in the great state of texas. we love you!god bless texas &amp; god bless the usa🇺🇸 texas: we are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you every single day after, to restore,… departing for texas and louisiana with @flotus melania right now @jba_nafw. we will see you soon. america is with y… on behalf of @flotus melania &amp; myself, thank you for today's update &amp; great work! #southernbaptist @sendrelief,… i will be going to texas and louisiana tomorrow with first lady. great progress being made! spending weekend working at white house.stock market up  months in a row!'president donald j. trump proclaims september , , as a national day of prayer' #hurricaneharvey #prayfortexas… texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. but still so much to do. will be back tomorrow!...get things done at a record clip. many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. america first!general john kelly is doing a great job as chief of staff. i could not be happier or more impressed - and this administration continues to..wow, looks like james comey exonerated hillary clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. a rigged system!"thank you to all of the incredible heroes in texas. america is with you! #texasstrong rt @foxnews: .@kellyannepolls on harvey recovery: we hope when it comes to basic hurricane harvey funding that we can rely upon a nonpartis…rt @secshulkin: our mobile vet center set up and ready to help #veterans impacted by #hurricaneharvey in corpus christi. first responders have been doing heroic work. their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless lives – they represent t… rt @ivankatrump: we must reform our tax code so that all americans can succeed in our modern economy &amp; achieve the american dream! #taxrefo…texas &amp; louisiana: we are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/ you every single day after, to rest… will be leaving for missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!after reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, why? all i want to do is #maga!after witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by hurricane harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of texas!the u.s. has been talking to north korea, and paying them extortion money, for  years. talking is not the answer!rt @brazoriacounty: .@foxandfriends   we are not looking to fill all of those positions. don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @ingrahamangleleaving now for texas!rt @thefive: "trump just won on law &amp; order and now he's delivering the goods." -@jessebwatters #thefivert @txmilitary: #photosfromthefield: aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today. #harvey #tmdharvey @usnationalguard rt @nwshouston: historic flooding is still ongoing across the area. if evacuated, please do not return home until authorities indicate it i…rt @gregabbott_tx: thanks to the texas national guard for their help to rescue flooded texans. #hurricaneharvey rt @inspire_us: no color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of god. - mother teresart @katiepavlich: your boss pardoned a traitor who gave u.s. enemies state secrets, he also pardoned a terrorist who killed americans. spar…rt @dineshdsouza: finally, as if by accident, the @washingtonpost breaks down &amp; admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht…historic rainfall in houston, and all over texas. floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. spirit of the people is incredible.thanks!major rescue operations underway!going to a cabinet meeting (tele-conference) at : a.m. on #harvey. even experts have said they've never seen one like this!we are in the nafta (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with mexico &amp; canada.both being very difficult,may have to terminate?with mexico being one of the highest crime nations in the world, we must have the wall. mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.wow - now experts are calling #harvey a once in  year flood! we have an all out effort going, and going well!i will also be going to a wonderful state, missouri, that i won by a lot in '. dem c.m. is opposed to big tax cuts. republican will win s!i will be going to texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. the focus must be life and safety.many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. good news is that we have great talent on the ground.great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. thousands rescued.a great book by a great guy, highly recommended! wonderful coordination between federal, state and local governments in the great state of texas - teamwork! record setting rainfall.thank you to all of the great volunteers helping out with #hurricaneharvey relief in texas! closely monitoring #hurricaneharvey from camp david. we are leaving nothing to chance. city, state and federal govs. working great together!.@chuckgrassley - got your message loud and clear. we have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #harvey. so far, so good!rt @vp: all americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting  for critical updates on #hurric…rt @epascottpruitt: thoughts and prayers for those in texas &amp; louisiana. i am closely monitoring #harvey developments along with @fema &amp; @e…you are doing a great job - the world is watching! be safe. rt @govabbott: to ensure your safety ahead of #harvey heed warnings from local officials &amp; review important safety information. we will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #hurricaneharvey makes landfall. america is w/ you!… i am pleased to inform you that i have just granted a full pardon to  year old american patriot sheriff joe arpaio. he kept arizona safe!at the request of the governor of texas, i have signed the disaster proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!storm turned hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. federal government is on site and ready to respond. be safe!just arrived at camp david, where i am monitoring the path and doings of hurricane harvey (as it strengthens to a class ).  mph winds!just arrived at camp david where i am closely watching the path and doings of hurricane harvey, as it strengthens to a category . be safe!i encourage everyone in the path of #hurricaneharvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. received a #hurricaneharvey briefing this morning from acting @dhsgov secretary elaine duke, @fema_brock,… i have spoken w/ @govabbott of texas and @louisianagov edwards. closely monitoring #hurricaneharvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed.strange statement by bob corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '. tennessee not happy!nick adams, "retaking america"  "best things of this presidency aren't reported about. convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."few, if any, administrations have done more in just  months than the trump a. bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, isis, sc!general john kelly is doing a fantastic job as chief of staff. there is tremendous spirit and talent in the w.h. don't believe the fake newsif senate republicans don't get rid of the filibuster rule and go to a % majority, few bills will be passed.  dems control the senate!rt @erictrump: honored to speak at the rnc summer meeting in nashville tennessee this evening! @gop #maga @gopchairwoman 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 rt @gregabbott_tx: spoke with pres. trump &amp; heads of homeland security &amp; fema. they're helping texas respond to #hurricaneharvey. a great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the @usmc air station yuma. thank you for your service to the… "as #hurricaneharvey intensifies - remember to #planahead. ☑️☑️ ☑️… on tuesday, i visited with the incredible men &amp; women of @icegov &amp; @dhsgov border patrol in yuma, az. thank you. we… the only problem i have with mitch mcconnell is that, after hearing repeal &amp; replace for  years, he failed!that should never have happened!james clapper, who famously got caught lying to congress, is now an authority on donald trump. will he show you his beautiful letter to me?..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the american legion - v.a. (respectful and strong). too bad the dems have no one who can change tones!the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. well, there was afghanistan (somber), the big rally.....rt @jerrytravone: @realdonaldtrump  ...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with dems holding them up (as usual) on debt ceiling approval. could have been so easy-now a mess!i requested that mitch m &amp; paul r tie the debt ceiling legislation into the popular v.a. bill (which just passed) for easy approval. they...donald e. ballard, on behalf of the people of the united states, thank you for your courageous service. you inspire… a great honor to sign the veterans appeals improvement &amp; modernization act into law w/ @americanlegion @secshulkin.… as long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to… if republican senate doesn't get rid of the filibuster rule &amp; go to a simple majority, which the dems would do, they are just wasting time!last night in phoenix i read the things from my statements on charlottesville that the fake news media didn't cover fairly. people got it!phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. i love the great state of arizona. not a fan of jeff flake, weak on crime &amp; border!make america great again! #draintheswamp #phoenixrally not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our… thank you arizona. beautiful turnout of , in phoenix tonight! full coverage of rally via my facebook at:… thank you to all of the great men and women at the u.s. customs and border protection facility in yuma, arizona &amp; a… we will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one o… "see you at : p.m. tonight phoenix, arizona! #maga🇺🇸tickets:  we pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @usnavy aboard the  #ussjohnsmccain, and th… was with great people last night in fort myer, virginia. the future of our country is strong!"address to the nationfull video &amp; transcript: thank you to the men and women of fort myer, and every member of the u.s. military at home and abroad. #usa🇺🇸 rt @marcorubio: good #afghanstrategy &amp; excellent speech by @potus laying it out to the nation."join me live from fort myer in arlington, virginia. ➡️thank you, the very dishonest fake news media is out of control! jerry falwell of liberty university was fantastic on @foxandfriends. the fake news should listen to what he had to say. thanks jerry!thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our @usnavy sailors aboard the #ussjohnsmccain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. heading back to washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest fake news reporting i have ever seen!i want to applaud the many protestors in boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. our country will soon come together as one!our great country has been divided for decades. sometimes you need protest in order to heal, &amp; we will heal, &amp; be stronger than ever before!great job by all law enforcement officers and boston mayor @marty_walsh.looks like many anti-police agitators in boston. police are looking tough and smart! thank you.steve bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @breitbartnews...maybe even better than ever before. fake news needs the competition!important day spent at camp david with our very talented generals and military leaders. many decisions made, including on afghanistan.i want to thank steve bannon for his service. he came to the campaign during my run against crooked hillary clinton - it was great! thanks s"my thoughts and prayers are with the @kissimmeepolice and their loved ones. we are with you!#lesm"today, i signed the global war on terrorism war memorial act (#hr.) the bill authorizes....cont➡️… just returned to bedminster, nj from camp david. great meeting on national security, the border and the military!… i have directed that u.s. cyber command be elevated to the status of a unified combatant command focused on....cont: rt @hughhewitt: @realdonaldtrump i spoke to a group of influential ca gopers tonight, long time activists, bundlers, influencers. support f…rt @hughhewitt: #nevertrumpers elite msmers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that @realdonaldtrump supporters are deserting.…heading to camp david for major meeting on national security, the border and the military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).radical islamic terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! the courts must give us back our protective rights. have to be tough!the obstructionist democrats make security for our country very difficult. they use the courts and associated delay at all times. must stop!homeland security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. our borders are far tougher than ever before!study what general pershing of the united states did to terrorists when caught. there was no more radical islamic terror for  years!the united states condemns the terror attack in barcelona, spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. be tough &amp; strong, we love you!...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!...can't change history, but you can learn from it. robert e lee, stonewall jackson - who's next, washington, jefferson? so foolish! also...sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. you.....many meetings today in bedminster including with secretary linda m and small business. job numbers are looking great!great to see that dr. kelli ward is running against flake jeff flake, who is weak on borders, crime and a non-factor in senate. he's toxic!the public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the fake news is. they totally misrepresent what i say about hate, bigotry etc. shame!...and people like ms. heyer. such a disgusting lie. he just can't forget his election trouncing.the people of south carolina will remember!publicity seeking lindsey graham falsely stated that i said there is moral equivalency between the kkk, neo-nazis &amp; white supremacists......thank you @mayorgimenez for following the rule of law! sanctuary cities make our country less safe! full remarks:… join me at : p.m. on tuesday, august nd in phoenix, arizona at the phoenix convention center! tickets at:… today in bedminster i signed the harry w. colmery veterans educational assistance act of , joined by… just landed in bedminster, new jersey. #maga 🎥rt @jacobawohl: @realdonaldtrump president trump alone has succeeded in bringing the stock market, small business index and consumer comfor…rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the manufacturing council &amp; strategy &amp; policy forum, i am ending both. thank you all!memorial service today for beautiful and incredible heather heyer, a truly special young woman. she will be long remembered by all!wow, senator luther strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. now in september runoff. strong on wall &amp; crime!make america great again!kim jong un of north korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. the alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!rt @foxnews: .@potus: "our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. we used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…rt @jessebwatters: thanks for watching!! congratulations john! rt @harlan: watching msm you would have no idea @realdonaldtrump clearly, unambiguously &amp; repeatedly condemned the bigotry &amp; violence in ch…congratulation to roy moore and luther strange for being the final two and heading into a september runoff in alabama. exciting race!amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. towns, cities and states throughout the u.s. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!for every ceo that drops out of the manufacturing council, i have many to take their place. grandstanders should not have gone on. jobs!big day in alabama. vote for luther strange, he will be great!rt @foxandfriends: fox news exclusive: president trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-sheriff joe arpaio @foxandfriends according to report just out, president obama knew about russian interference  years ago but he didn't want to anger russia!senator luther strange, who is doing a great job for the people of alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at :. tough on crime, borders etc.rt @jackposobiec: meanwhile:  shootings in chicago this weekend,  deaths. no national media outrage. why is that? feels good to be home after seven months, but the white house is very special, there is no place like it... and the u.s. is really my home!rt @foxandfriends: sec. mattis: if north korea fires missile at us, it's 'game on' rt @fiiibuster: @realdonaldtrump we have a president that is putting the security and prosperity of america first. thank you, president tru…made additional remarks on charlottesville and realize once again that the #fake news media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!leaving for new york city and meetings on military purchases and trade.big day in washington, d.c., even though white house &amp; oval office are being renovated. great trade deals coming for american workers!.@merck pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the u.s. bring jobs back &amp; lower prices!now that ken frazier of merck pharma has resigned from president's manufacturing council,he will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!the obstructionist democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in world history. i am changing that fast!luther strange of the great state of alabama has my endorsement. he is strong on border &amp; wall, the military, tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.heading to washington this morning. much work to do. focus on trade and military. #magart @axios: the doj is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in charlottesville rt @foxnews: .@alandersh: trump has 'more credibility' than obama with north korea  rt @dailycaller: guam governor to trump: i’ve never felt safer than ‘with you at the helm’  rt @secretservice: our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the families, friends &amp; colleagues of #virginia's @vsppio lt cullen &amp; tpr bates #charlot…condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in charlottesville, virginia. so sad!deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the va state police who died today. you're all among the best this nation produces.we will continue to follow developments in charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. we are… we must remember this truth: no matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all americans first. "what is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#charlottesville join me live from bedminster, new jersey: am in bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on v.a. &amp; all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but charlottesville sad!we all must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. there is no place for this kind of violence in america. lets come together as one!press conference - following national security briefing in bedminster, new jersey. 🎥 as promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thr… "consumer comfort reaches -year high on u.s. economic optimism" via bloomberg we want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... rt @pacificcommand: #usaf b-b lancer #bombers on guam stand ready to fulfill usfk’s #fighttonight mission if called upon to do so military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should north korea act unwisely.  hopefully kim jong un will find another path!rt @foxandfriends: trump fires new warning shot at mcconnell, leaves door open on whether he should step down rt @foxandfriends: senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on trump rt @foxandfriends: fox news alert:  us drone strikes in somalia target al qaeda and al-shabaab "trump approval rebounds to %, surges among hispanics, union homes, men" ".@ivankatrump will lead the u.s. delegation to india this fall, supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally.#ges @narendramodi"mitch, get back to work and put repeal &amp; replace, tax reform &amp; cuts and a great infrastructure bill on my desk for signing. you can do it!rt @foxandfriends: fox news alert: north korea responds to u.s. with guam attack plan as secretary mattis warns kim jung un “he is grossly…rt @progresspolls: who is a better president of the united states? #obamadaycan you believe that mitch mcconnell, who has screamed repeal &amp; replace for  years, couldn't get it done. must repeal &amp; replace obamacare!rt @markets: u.s. job openings surge to record  via @shochandra rt @thefive: "@potus being unpredictable is a big asset, north korea knew exactly what president obama was going to do."- @jessebwattersrt @ambjohnbolton: our country &amp; civilians are vulnerable today because @barackobama did not believe in national missile defense. let’s nev…#godblesstheusa🇺🇸 senator mitch mcconnell said i had "excessive expectations," but i don't think so. after  years of hearing repeal &amp; replace, why not done?...hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!my first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. it is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....rt @foxandfriends: president trump vows america will respond to north korean threats with "fire &amp; fury" in a warning to the rogue nation ht…"rt @foxandfriends: france vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injuredrt @foxandfriends: trump vows u.s. 'power' will meet north korean threat rt @foxandfriends: millions of gallons of mexican waste threaten border patrol agents rt @foxandfriends: u.s. air force jets take off from guam for training, ensuring they can 'fight tonight' rt @thefive: "media bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report."-@jessebwatters #thefivesenator luther strange has done a great job representing the people of the great state of alabama. he has my complete and total endorsement!rt @foxnews: jobs added during @potus' time in office. after  days, rarely has any administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! don't believe the fake news suppression polls!e-mails show that the amazonwashingtonpost and the failingnewyorktimes were reluctant to cover the clinton/lynch secret meeting in plane.after many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by north korea. we must be tough &amp; decisive!i will be holding a major briefing on the opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at : p.m. in bedminster, n.j.rt @foxandfriends: opioid crisis: worse than we thought, with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported rt @foxandfriends: anthem announces it will withdraw from obamacare exchange in nevada rt @foxandfriends: u.s. spy satellites detect north korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat i think senator blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was therehow much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?the fake news media will not talk about the importance of the united nations security council's - vote in favor of sanctions on n. korea!on #purpleheartday💜i thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this great nation! #usa🇺🇸 ...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. now he judges collusion?never in u.s.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like senator richard blumenthal. he told stories about his vietnam battles and....interesting to watch senator richard blumenthal of connecticut talking about hoax russian collusion when he was a  phony vietnam con artist!working hard from new jersey while white house goes through long planned renovation. going to new york next week for more meetings.hard to believe that with / #fake news on cnn, abc, nbc, cbs, nytimes &amp; wapo, the trump base is getting stronger!... supreme court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the trump base even closer together. will never change!...and west virginia. the fact is the fake news russian collusion story, record stock market, border security, military strength, jobs.....the trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony fake news polling). look at rallies in penn, iowa, ohio.......the failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!just completed call with president moon of south korea. very happy and impressed with - united nations vote on north korea sanctions.the fake news refuses to report the success of the first  months: s.c., surging economy &amp; jobs,border &amp; military security,isis &amp; ms- etc.rt @ivankatrump: the administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce. thanks kim for sharing your story! make america great again! united nations resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on north korea. over one billion dollars in cost to n.k.thank you nicole! after many years of leaks going on in washington, it is great to see the a.g. taking action! for national security, the tougher the better!the united nations security council just voted - to sanction north korea. china and russia voted with us. very big financial impact!working in bedminster, n.j., as long planned construction is being done at the white house. this is not a vacation - meetings and calls!"rt @rightlynews: ""what's a high priced clinton attorney doing representing a low level it staffer for the democrats?"" -@jessebwatters on t…""""under trump, gains against #isis have dramatically accelerated""prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting america workers and families first. #americafirst🇺🇸 rt @foxnews: more than  million jobs added since @potus took office.  rt @ivankatrump: since @realdonaldtrump inauguration, over  million net new jobs have been created in the american economy! #magart @dcexaminer: emails show washington post, new york times reporters unenthusiastic about covering clinton-lynch meeting great work being done by @fema @dhsgov w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. preparedness is an… no matter the mission, the brave men &amp; women of our @uscg proudly answer the call to serve //. thank you and… rt @paultdove: @foxbusiness republican senators who are opposing the president, look at the great economic news: americans are noticing!rt @betste: @foxbusiness @foxandfriends come on america. get on the trump train. the winners already have boarded! the losers are w…rt @foxbusiness: #breakingnews: u.s. employers added , jobs in july, unemployment rate down to .% #jobsreport rt @foxandfriends: .@judgejeanine: there will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a trump family member…rt @realjameswoods: i've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place.…excellent jobs numbers just released - and i have only just begun. many job stifling regulations continue to fall. movement back to usa!west virginia was incredible last night. crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, gdp at %, wow!dem governor became a republican last night.rt @team_trump: @realdonaldtrump we won. move on. consumer confidence is at a  year high....and for good reason. much more regulation "busting" to come. working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform!....and don't forget that foxconn will be spending up to  billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in wisconsin.toyota &amp; mazda to build a new $.b plant here in the u.s.a. and create k new american jobs. a great investment in american manufacturing!thank you west virginia! all across the country, americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to… just arrived in west virginia for a make america great again rally in huntington at :pme. massive crowd expected - tune in! #maga🇺🇸our great veterans can now connect w/ their va healthcare team from anywhere, using #vavideoconnect - available at:… today, i  announced another historic breakthrough for the va. we are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our… "see you tonight huntington, west virginia!#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸tickets:  our relationship with russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. you can thank congress, the same people that can't even give us hcare!i am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. much work left to do but effect will be great! business &amp; jobs will grow.business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. stock market at an all-time high. that doesn't just happen!rt @jacobawohl: @realdonaldtrump the #maga great again movement is winning, and the left-wing media can't stand it!rt @foxandfriends: insurers seeking huge premium hikes on obamacare plans i love the white house, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) i have ever seen. but fake news said i called it a dump - totally untruei campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects u.s. workers &amp; taxpayers. watch:… """why the rust belt just gave donald trump a hero's welcome""it was my great honor to pay tribute to a vet who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to protect our comrades, our… "small business owners are the dreamers &amp; innovators who are powering us into the future!read more and watch here:… only the fake news media and trump enemies want me to stop using social media ( million people). only way for me to get the truth out!"corporations have never made as much money as they are making now." thank you stuart varney @foxandfriends jobs are starting to roar,watch!stock market could hit all-time high (again) , today. was , only  months ago on election day. mainstream media seldom mentions!a great day at the white house!rt @foxandfriends: .@suffolk_sheriff praises president trump for making gang eradication a priority highest stock market ever, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in  years, wages raising, border secure, s.c.: no wh chaos!if obamacare is hurting people, &amp; it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should congress not be paying what public pays?don't give up republican senators, the world is watching: repeal &amp; replace...and go to  votes (nuke option), get cross state lines &amp; more....they do nothing for us with north korea, just talk. we will no longer allow this to continue. china could easily solve this problem!i am very disappointed in china. our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...i love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. problem is, most don't exist. #fake news! magaunless the republican senators are total quitters, repeal &amp; replace is not dead! demand another vote before voting on any other bill!u.s. stock market up almost % since election!if a new healthcare bill is not approved quickly, bailouts for insurance companies and bailouts for members of congress will end very soon!after seven years of "talking" repeal &amp; replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding obamacare!if the senate democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a  majority vote in first minute. they are laughing at r's. make change!.... dems totally control the u.s. senate. many great republican bills will never pass, like kate's law and complete healthcare. get smart!republicans in the senate will never win if they don't go to a  vote majority now. they look like fools and are just wasting time......the very outdated filibuster rule must go. budget reconciliation is killing r's in senate. mitch m, go to  votes now and win. it's time!republican senate must get rid of  vote now! it is killing the r party, allows  dems to control country.  bills sit in senate. a joke!in other words, russia was against trump in the  election - and why not, i want strong military &amp; low oil price… we will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the american people first! replay:… i would like to thank reince priebus for his service and dedication to his country. we accomplished a lot together and i am proud of him!...and a great leader. john has also done a spectacular job at homeland security. he has been a true star of my administrationi am pleased to inform you that i have just named general/secretary john f kelly as white house chief of staff. he is a great american....departing for long island now. an area under siege from #ms gang members. we will not rest until #ms is eradica… "we will always enforce our laws, protect our borders, and support our police! #lesmharrisburg, pennsylvania… ...even though parts of healthcare could pass at , some really good things need . so many great future bills &amp; budgets need  votes....if republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the senate, they must immediately go to a  vote majority, not senseless ... republicans and  democrats let the american people down. as i said from the beginning, let obamacare implode, then deal. watch!go republican senators, go! get there after waiting for  years. give america great healthcare!it was my great honor to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - the medal of valor to fiv… today, we gathered in the east room to pay tribute to the heroes whose courageous actions under fire saved so many… join me live as we recognize the first responders to the june th shooting involving @stevescalise. #teamscalise… big progress being made in ridding our country of ms- gang members and gang members in general. make america safe again!...about then candidate trump." catherine herridge @foxnews. so why doesn't fake news report this? witch hunt! purposely phony reporting."one of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the russians collected and spread negative information.....rt @townhallcom: abc, nbc, and cbs pretty much bury it scandal engulfing debbie wasserman schultz's office come on republican senators, you can do it on healthcare. after  years, this is your chance to shine! don't let the american people down!wow, the failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "....the most powerful t.v. show in america."thank you foxconn, for investing $ billion dollars with the potential for up to k new jobs in wisconsin! madein… congratulations to boys and girls nation. it was my great honor to welcome you to the wh today! full remarks:… in america we don't worship government - we worship god!🎥...big dollars ($,) for his wife's political run from hillary clinton and her representatives. drain the swamp!why didn't a.g. sessions replace acting fbi director andrew mccabe, a comey friend who was in charge of clinton investigation but got........victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. thank you....transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the u.s. military. our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....after consultation with my generals and military experts, please be advised that the united states government will not accept or allow......senator @lisamurkowski of the great state of alaska really let the republicans, and our country, down yesterday. too bad!the crowd in ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. we all had a great time in a great state. will be back soon!people of ohio are fantastic. thank you so much. what an evening! it was my great honor to join our wonderful veterans at amvets post  in youngstown, ohio this evening. a grateful… "just arrived in youngstown, ohio with @flotus melania!#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸🎥 .@senjohnmccain-thank you for coming to d.c. for such a vital vote. congrats to all rep. we can now deliver grt healthcare to all americans!"joint press conference with prime minister saad hariri of lebanon beginning shortly. join us live!➡️… "america's labor market continues to boom" jobs, jobs, jobs! the american people have waited long enough. there has been enough talk and no action for seven years. now is the t… will be traveling to the great state of ohio tonight. big crowd expected. see you there!this will be a very interesting day for healthcare.the dems are obstructionists but the republicans can have a great victory for the people!working on major trade deal with the united kingdom. could be very big &amp; exciting. jobs! the e.u. is very protectionist with the u.s. stop!jared kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the russians. witch hunt. next up,  year old barron trump!so great that john mccain is coming back to vote. brave - american hero! thank you john.obamacare is torturing the american people.the democrats have fooled the people long enough. repeal or repeal &amp; replace! i have pen in hand.big day for healthcare. after  years of talking, we will soon see whether or not republicans are willing to step up to the plate!problem is that the acting head of the fbi &amp; the person in charge of the hillary investigation, andrew mccabe, got $, from h for wife!attorney general jeff sessions has taken a very weak position on hillary clinton crimes (where are e-mails &amp; dnc server) &amp; intel leakers!ukrainian efforts to sabotage trump campaign - "quietly working to boost clinton." so where is the investigation a.g. @seanhannityis fake news washington post being used as a lobbyist weapon against congress to keep politicians from looking into amazon no-tax monopoly?so many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are fake news. they are as bad as ratings challenged @cnn. lobbyist for amazon and taxes?the amazon washington post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to syrian rebels fighting assad.....#jambo- remember your duty. honor your history. take care of the people god puts into your life – and love &amp; ch… "any senator who votes against starting debate is telling america that you are fine w/ the #ocarenightmare! remarks… arriving at joint base andrews with @secretaryperry, @secretaryzinke, and @secpricemd..... republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on repeal &amp; replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.sleazy adam schiff, the totally biased congressman looking into "russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the dem loss excuse!so why aren't the committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered a.g., looking into crooked hillarys crimes &amp; russia relations?after  year of investigation with zero evidence being found, chuck schumer just stated that "democrats should blame ourselves,not russia."drain the swamp should be changed to drain the sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the fake news!thank you to @loudobbs for giving the first six months of the trump administration an a+. s.c.,reg cutting,stock m, jobs,border etc. = true!if republicans don't repeal and replace the disastrous obamacare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!it's hard to read the failing new york times or the amazon washington post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!it's very sad that republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their president.as the phony russian witch hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, democrats and russians!"to every patriot who will serve on the #ussgeraldrford:☑️keep the watch🇺🇸☑️protect her🇺🇸☑️defend her🇺🇸☑️love he… american steel &amp; american hands have constructed a , ton message to the world: american might is second to no… a ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the american sailor is the best in the world. @usnavy… "join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the uss gerald r. ford!➡️ #usa obamacare is dead and the democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. it is solely up to the  republican senators!the republican senators must step up to the plate and, after  years, vote to repeal and replace. next, tax reform and infrastructure. win!in all fairness to anthony scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me st, before the republican primaries started, but didn't think i was running!my son donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas crooked hillary clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her , e-mails!...what about all of the clinton ties to russia, including podesta company, uranium deal, russian reset, big dollar speeches etc.so many people are asking why isn't the a.g. or special council looking at the many hillary clinton or comey crimes. , e-mails deleted?while all agree the u. s. president has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is leaks against us.fake newsthis morning i will be going to the commissioning ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, the gerald r. ford.  norfolk, va.the failing new york times foiled u.s. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,al-baghdadi.their sick agenda over national securitya new intelligence leak from the amazon washington post,this time against a.g. jeff sessions.these illegal leaks, like comey's, must stop!sean spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the fake news media - but his future is bright!"today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #ussarizona to the @whitehouse. #honorthem🇺🇸remarks:… manufacturers’ record-high optimism reported in the st qtr has carried into the nd qtr of  via @shopfloornam:… icymi- this week we hosted a #madeinamerica event, right here at the @whitehouse! if it is made in america, it is t… "six months in - it is the hope of growth📈that is making america🇺🇸four trillion dollars💰richer." -stuart @varneyco… "#madeinamerica🇺🇸📸 billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in america! an initiative via corning, merck &amp; pfizer:… i am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in america.… departing the pentagon after meetings with @vp pence, secretary james mattis, and our great teams. #maga🇺🇸 "melania and i send our thoughts and prayers to senator mccain, cindy, and their entire family. get well soon. the republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.the dems scream death as ocare dies!i will be having lunch at the white house today with republican senators concerning healthcare. they must keep their promise to america!rt @foxnews: u.s. markets since election. the fake news is becoming more and more dishonest! even a dinner arranged for top  leaders in germany is made to look sinister!fake news story of secret dinner with putin is "sick." all g  leaders, and spouses, were invited by the chancellor of germany. press knew!the senate must go to a  vote majority instead of current  votes. even parts of full repeal need .  dems control senate. crazy!with only a very small majority, the republicans in the house &amp; senate need more victories next year since dems totally obstruct, no votes!as i have always said, let obamacare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. stay tuned!we were let down by all of the democrats and a few republicans. most republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard. we will return!republicans should just repeal failing obamacare now &amp; work on a new healthcare plan that will start from a clean slate. dems will join in!most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. that's politics!heading back to washington, d.c. much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!congratulations to sung hyun park on winning the  @usga #uswomensopen🇺🇸i am at the @usga  #uswomensopen. an amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!the #ussjohnfinn will provide essential capabilities to keep america safe. our sailors are the best anywhere in the… the abc/washington post poll, even though almost % is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!with all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #fake news is distorting democracy in our country!thank you to former campaign adviser michael caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no russian collusion in our winning campaign.thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the women's u.s. open. very cool!hillaryclinton can illegally get the questions to the debate &amp; delete , emails but my son don is being scorned by the fake news media?the women played great today at the @usga #uswomensopen🇺🇸 i look forward to being there tomorrow for the final roun… just got to the #uswomensopen in bedminster, new jersey. people are really happy with record high stock market - up over % since election!make america great again! next week the senate is going to vote on legislation to save americans from the obamacare disaster. #weeklyaddress🇺🇸 will be at the women's u.s. open today!stock market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the russian hoax story! also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!stock market at new all-time high! working on new trade deals that will be great for u.s. and its workers!i will be at the @usga #uswomensopen in bedminster, nj tomorrow. big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!honored to serve as commander-in-chief to the courageous men and women of our u.s. armed forces. a grateful nation… "president @emmanuelmacron,thank you for inviting melania and myself to such a historic celebration in france.… just landed from paris, france. it was an incredible visit with president @emmanuelmacron. a lot discussed and accomplished in two days!"left paris for u.s.a. will be heading to new jersey and attending the#uswomensopen, their most important tournament, this afternoon."great conversations with president @emmanuelmacron and his representatives on trade, military and security.the united states mourns for the victims of nice, france. we pledge our solidarity with france against terror. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 it was a great honor to represent the united states at the magnificent #bastilleday parade. congratulations preside… .@vp mike pence is working hard on healthcare and getting our wonderful republican senators to do what is right for the people.after all of these years of suffering thru obamacare, republican senators must come through as they have promised!so impt rep senators, under leadership of @senatemajldr mcconnell get healthcare plan approved. after yrs of o'care disaster, must happen!republicans senators are working hard to get their failed obamacare replacement approved. i will be at my desk, pen in hand!great evening with president @emmanuelmacron &amp; mrs. macron. went to eiffel tower for dinner. relationship with fran… great bilateral meetings at Élysée palace w/ president @emmanuelmacron. the friendship between our two nations and… "president @emmanuelmacron,thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at les invalides today! melania and i were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @usembassyfrance, members of the u.s. milita… just landed in paris, france with @flotus melania. big win today for building the wall. it will secure the border &amp; save lives. now the full house &amp; senate must act!… jobs, jobs, jobs! #maga🇺🇸 stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. jobs outlook looking very good! #maga🇺🇸 getting rdy to leave for france @ the invitation of president macron to celebrate &amp; honor bastille day and yrs since u.s. entry into wwi."after  years, u.s. beef hits chinese market. trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture." the w.h. is functioning perfectly, focused on healthcare, tax cuts/reform &amp; many other things. i have very little time for watching t.v.why aren't the same standards placed on the democrats. look what hillary clinton may have gotten away with. disgraceful!.@washtimes states "democrats have willfully used moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against donald trump."isis is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of syria &amp; iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (%) &amp; ms  gangs are being removed.rt @foxandfriends: getting the job done! sen. mitch mcconnell delays august recess to work on health care bill remember, when you hear the words "sources say" from the fake media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.my son donald did a good job last night. he was open, transparent and innocent. this is the greatest witch hunt in political history. sad!rt @foxnews: .@jessebwatters on @donaldjtrumpjr meeting with russian attorney: "i believe don jr. is the victim here." #thefive my son, donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at : p.m. he is a great person who loves our country!rt @foxandfriends: fox news alert: u.s. flexes its defense muscles, destroys incoming test missile off coast of alaska big wins against isis!marine plane crash in mississippi is heartbreaking. melania and i send our deepest condolences to all!working hard to get the olympics for the united states (l.a.). stay tuned!the senate democrats have only confirmed  of  presidential nominees. they  can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct!rt @foxandfriends: sen. cruz: it's crazy to go an august recess without having obamacare repealed. we should work every day until it is don…rt @foxandfriends: white house calls out senate democrats for obstructing nominees rt @foxandfriends: head of the nypd union slams mayor de blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop miosotis familia rt @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: comey went silent when i asked him about his memos, which raised a lot of eyebrows. rt @seanhannity: hrc mishandles and destroys classified info-no problem! pay/play on uranium one no problem! lynch bc tarmac: it's a "matte…if chelsea clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the fake news would say chelsea for pres!when i left conference room for short meetings with japan and other countries, i asked ivanka to hold seat. very standard. angela m agrees!i cannot imagine that congress would dare to leave washington without a beautiful new healthcare bill fully approved and ready to go!james comey leaked classified information to the media. that is so illegal!rt @foxandfriends: report accuses material james comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information rt @foxandfriends: .@carriesheffield: the mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public. they've failed to represent ha…rt @realjameswoods: only now with a #realpresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by #obama and the #democrat cabal.  @reald…the fact that president putin and i discussed a cyber security unit  doesn't mean i think it can happen. it can't-but a ceasefire can,&amp; did!syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. many lives can be saved. came out of meeting. good!for years, even as a "civilian," i listened as republicans pushed the repeal and replace of obamacare. now they finally have their chance!make america great again! sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with president putin. nothing will be done until the ukrainian &amp; syrian problems are solved!...have it. fake news said  intel agencies when actually  (had to apologize). why did obama do nothing when he had info before election?...and safe. questions were asked about why the cia &amp; fbi had to ask the dnc  times for their server, and were rejected, still don't....putin &amp; i discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit    so that election hacking, &amp; many other negative things, will be guarded.....we negotiated a ceasefire in parts of syria which will save lives. now it is time to move forward in working constructively with russia!i strongly pressed president putin twice about russian meddling in our election. he vehemently denied it. i've already given my opinion.....the g  summit was a great success for the u.s. - explained that the u.s. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. will get done!thank you @senatordole, very kind! leaving hamburg for washington, d.c. and the wh. just left china’s president xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; north korea.law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in hamburg. everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @polizeihamburg #gsummitthe #gsummit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by chancellor angela merkel. thank you!we will fight the #fakenews with you! great first day with world leaders at the #gsummit here in hamburg, germany. looking forward to day two! #usa "thank you! “trump’s defining speech” wsj editorial:  i will represent our country well and fight for its interests! fake news media will never cover me accurately but who cares! we will #maga!"i look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with vladimir putin. much to discuss.#gsummit #usa🇺🇸"everyone here is talking about why john podesta refused to give the dnc server to the fbi and the cia. disgraceful!after poland had a great meeting with chancellor merkel and then with pm shinzō abe of japan &amp; president moon of south korea.my experience yesterday in poland was a great one. thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!a strong poland is a blessing to the nations of europe, and a strong europe is a blessing to the west, and to the w… the west will never be broken. our values will prevail. our people will thrive and our civilization will triumph! america is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and ext… "on behalf of @flotus melania and myself, thank you poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱#icymi, watch here➡️  congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the usss as they celebrate their nd anniversary. thank you! ➡️… trade between china and north korea grew almost % in the first quarter. so much for china working with us - but we had to give it a try!the united states made some of the worst trade deals in world history.why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?getting ready to leave for poland, after which i will travel to germany for the g-. will be back on saturday.#happyindependenceday #usa🇺🇸 gas prices are the lowest in the u.s. in over ten years! i would like to see them go even lower.getting ready to celebrate the th of july with a big crowd at the white house. happy th to everyone. our country will grow and prosper!"#happyindependenceday #july #usa🇺🇸 ....and japan will put up with this much longer. perhaps china will put a heavy move on north korea and end this nonsense once and for all!north korea has just launched another missile. does this guy have anything better to do with his life? hard to believe that south korea.....rt @jacobawohl: @realdonaldtrump when obama was president, the #msm loved talking about stock market rallies! now they barely mention new a…dow hit a new intraday all-time high! i wonder whether or not the fake news media will so report?really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!thank you to shawn steel for the nice words on @foxnews."rt @reince: with a strong candidate in @potus &amp; @gop revolutionary data program, republicans carried wi for st time in  yearsif we can help little #charliegard, as per our friends in the u.k. and the pope, we would be delighted to do so.at some point the fake news will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with isis, the border &amp; so much else!will be speaking with italy this morning!spoke yesterday with the king of saudi arabia about peace in the middle-east. interesting things are happening!will be speaking with germany and france this morning.america's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of freedom overcoming oppression, the strong protecting the weak, &amp; g… stock market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!the dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our great american people!… #fraudnewscnn #fnn we will always take care of our great veterans. you have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in… my use of social media is not presidential - it’s modern day presidential. make america great again!i am thinking about changing the name #fakenews cnn to #fraudnewscnn!....the  election with interviews, speeches and social media. i had to beat #fakenews, and did. we will continue to win!the fake &amp; fraudulent news media is working hard to convince republicans and others i should not use social media - but remember, i won....getting rdy to leave for tonight's celebrate freedom concert honoring our great veterans w/ so many of my evangelic… "weekly address🇺🇸 #kateslaw#nosanctuaryforcriminalsactstatement:  crazy joe scarborough and dumb as a rock mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their nbc bosses. too bad!i am extremely pleased to see that @cnn has finally been exposed as #fakenews and garbage journalism. it's about time!numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished voter fraud panel. what are they trying to hide?word is that @greta van susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @nbc &amp; @comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'trump hate!'happy canada day to all of the great people of canada and to your prime minister and my new found friend @justintrudeau. #canadaamerica will think big once again. we will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of american… the era of strategic patience with the north korea regime has failed. that patience is over. we are working closely… i am encouraged by president moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for american workers, b… watched low rated @morning_joe for first time in long time. fake news. he called me to stop a national enquirer article. i said no! bad showcrime and killings in chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that i am sending in federal help.  shootings in chicago this year!if republican senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately repeal, and then replace at a later date!just finished a very good meeting with the president of south korea. many subjects discussed including north korea and new trade deal!our new american energy policy will unlock millions of jobs &amp; trillions in wealth. we are on the cusp of a true ene… when it comes to the future of america’s energy needs, we will find it, we will dream it, and we will build it.… statement on house passage of kate’s law and no sanctuary for criminals act. good news out of the house with the passing of 'no sanctuary for criminals act.' hopefully senate will follow.good news, house just passed #kateslaw. hopefully senate will follow."mattis says trump’s warning stopped chemical weapons attack in syria" "join me live with @vp, @secretaryperry, @secretaryzinke and @epascottpruitt. #unleashingamericanenergy"make america safe again!#nosanctuaryforcriminalsact #kateslaw #saveamericanlives "today, the house votes on two crucial bills:☑️#nosanctuaryforcriminalsact ☑️#kateslaw ☑️pass these bills &amp; lets… ...to mar-a-lago  nights in a row around new year's eve, and insisted on joining me. she was bleeding badly from a face-lift. i said no!i heard poorly rated @morning_joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). then how come low i.q. crazy mika, along with psycho joe, came..new sugar deal negotiated with mexico is a very good one for both mexico and the u.s. had no deal for many years which hurt u.s. badly.tomorrow the house votes on #kateslaw &amp; no sanctuary for criminals act. lawmakers must vote to put american safety… from my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on american energy. remarks… democrats purposely misstated medicaid under new senate bill - actually goes up. today, i hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in congress tomorrow. watch and read more… it was my great honor to welcome the  world series champion chicago @cubs ⚾️ to the @whitehouse this afternoon.… #icymi- on monday, i had the great honor of welcoming india's prime minister @narendramodi to the wh. full remarks:… the #amazonwashingtonpost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is fake news!rt @foxandfriends: happening today: house to vote on immigration bills including 'kate’s law' and 'no sanctuary for criminals act' some of the fake news media likes to say that i am not totally engaged in healthcare. wrong, i know the subject well &amp; want victory for u.s.the failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. they don't even call to verify the facts of a story. a fake news joke!i just finished a great meeting with the republican senators concerning healthcare. they really want to get it right, unlike ocare!with zero democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous obamacare as the dems legacy, the republican senators are working hard!so they caught fake news cnn cold, but what about nbc, cbs &amp; abc? what about the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost? they are all fake news!fake news cnn is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony russian stories. ratings way down!rt @ericbolling: good morning friends!  "the swamp" out today.  president trump has a copy... get yours here  #maga…rt @foxandfriends: president trump officially nominates former assistant attorney general christopher wray to head the fbi rt @foxandfriends: another dem 'queasy' over claim of loretta lynch meddling in clinton case rt @foxandfriends: hannity: russia allegations 'boomeranging back' on democrats rt @foxandfriends: mark levin: the collusion is among the democrats rt @jefftutorials: @realdonaldtrump  wow, cnn had to retract big story on "russia," with  employees forced to resign. what about all the other phony stories they do? fake news!great day for america's future security and safety, courtesy of the u.s. supreme court. i will keep fighting for the american people, &amp; win!from @foxnews "bombshell: in , obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an american election."  check out his statement - witch hunt!rt @whitehouse: fact: when #obamacare was signed, cbo estimated that m would be covered in . they were off by %. only .m people…very grateful for the -o decision from the u. s. supreme court. we must keep america safe!rt @whitehouse: today @potus will welcome the prime minister of india, @narendramodi, to the white house. rt @whitehouse: #obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of americans. it has failed the american…republican senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the democrats. not easy! perhaps just let ocare crash &amp; burn!..under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of t people colluding. there is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. i should be given apology!the real story is that president obama did nothing after being informed in august about russian meddling. with  months looking at russia......and did not want to "rock the boat." he didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the dems and crooked hillary no good.the reason that president obama did nothing about russia after being notified by the cia of meddling is that he expected clinton would win..the democrats have become nothing but obstructionists, they have no policies or ideas. all they do is delay and complain.they own obamacare!hillary clinton colluded with the democratic party in order to beat crazy bernie sanders. is she allowed to so collude? unfair to bernie!make america great again!i cannot imagine that these very fine republican senators would allow the american people to suffer a broken obamacare any longer!obama administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on russian meddling of election. they didn't want to hurt hillary?since the obama administration was told way before the  election that the russians were meddling, why no action? focus on them, not t!democrats slam gop healthcare proposal as obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over %. remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?just out: the obama administration knew far in advance of november th about election meddling by russia. did nothing about it. why?weekly address🇺🇸 today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #vaaccountability act into law, delivering my campaign promise… i've helped pass and signed  legislative bills, mostly with no democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. nice!will be on @foxandfriends. enjoy!rt @foxandfriends: potus the predictor? president trump foretold housing upswing in  rt @foxnation: .@sentedcruz: i want to get to a 'yes' vote: .@flotus &amp; i were honored to host our first wh congressional picnic. a wonderful evening &amp; tradition. @marineband:… we're all thinking of you @stevescalise! #teamscalise "together, we are going to make america great again!#americafirst🇺🇸 i am very supportive of the senate #healthcarebill. look forward to making it really special! remember, obamacare is dead.mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only syria. drug trade is largely the cause. we will build the wall!"as promised, our campaign against the ms- gang continues. ""@icegov busts  ms- members in new york operation""...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with james comey, but i did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.with all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, i have no idea...i certainly hope the democrats do not force nancy p out. that would be very bad for the republican party - and please let cryin' chuck stay!...why did the dnc refuse to turn over its server to the fbi, and still hasn't? it's all a big dem scam and excuse for losing the election!...why did democratic national committee turn down the dhs offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). it's all a big dem hoax!by the way, if russia was working so hard on the  election, it all took place during the obama admin. why didn't they stop them?former homeland security advisor jeh johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between trump &amp; russia.great night in iowa - special people. thank you!thank you kirkwood community college. heading to the u.s. cellular center now for an pme make america great again… just landed in iowa. see everyone soon! #maga🇺🇸democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with republicans on healthcare,tax cuts,security. obstruction doesn't work!well, the special elections are over and those that want to make america great again are  and o! all the fake news, all the money spent = ralph norman ran a fantastic race to win in the great state of south carolina's th district. we are all honored by your success tonight!congratulations to karen handel on her big win in georgia th. fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!thank you @foxnews "huge win for president trump and gop in georgia congressional special election."things are looking great for karen h!"it was a great honor to welcome president petro poroshenko of ukraine to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence.➡️… while i greatly appreciate the efforts of president xi &amp; china to help with north korea, it has not worked out. at least i know china tried!the u.s. once again condemns the brutality of the north korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. video: karen handel for congress. she will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! vote todayrt @sheriffclarke: happy father's day to all dads. my dad. like father, like son, @realdonaldtrump supporters to the end. he an airborne ra…democrat jon ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.big day tomorrow in georgia and south carolina. obamacare is dead. dems want to raise taxes big! they can only obstruct, no ideas. vote "r"rt @joegooding: what's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our @potus @realdonaldtrump it's an assault on the american people…"rt @foxnews: new poll shows @potus approval at  percentmelania and i offer our deepest condolences to the family of otto warmbier. full statement:  "it was my great honor to welcome president @jc_varela &amp; mrs. varela from panama this afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦➡️… ....because he doesn't even live there! he wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. on tuesday, #votekarenhandel.karen handel's opponent in #ga can't even vote in the district he wants to represent........getting great border security and healthcare. #voteralphnorman tomorrow!ralph norman, who is running for congress in sc's th district, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....my heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the  @usnavy sailors of the #ussfitzgerald and their families. ➡️… the dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and border security.their obamacare is dead with % increases in p's. vote now for karen hrt @whitehouse: happy father's day! camp david is a very special place. an honor to have spent the weekend there. military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!"rt @donaldjtrumpjr: not surprising at all! father of otto warmbier: obama admin told us to keep quiet, trump admin brought him home  "rt @diamondandsilk: the media says:  the president should stop tweeting about russia.  well, why don't the media take their own advice &amp; s…"the new rasmussen poll, one of the most accurate in the  election, just out with a trump % approval rating.that's higher than o's #'s!...massive regulation cuts,  new legislative bills signed, great new s.c.justice, and infrastructure, healthcare and tax cuts in works!the make america great again agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the witch hunt. many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..thoughts and prayers with the sailors of uss fitzgerald and their families. thank you to our japanese allies for th… rt @seanhannity: #hannity starts in  minutes with @newtgingrich and my monologue on the deep state’s allies in the mediaback from miami where my cuban/american friends are very happy with what i signed today. another campaign promise that i did not forget!"""national security presidential memorandum on strengthening the policy of the united states toward cuba""memorandum… """remarks by president trump on the policy of the u.s.a. towards cuba""video: transcript:… great news! #maga i am being investigated for firing the fbi director by the man who told me to fire the fbi director! witch huntdespite the phony witch hunt going on in america, the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!the fake news media hates when i use what has turned out to be my very powerful social media - over  million people! i can go around themafter  months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the russians,"  nobody has been able to show any proof. sad!#congressionalbaseballgame⚾️ "thank you wisconsin! tuesday was a great success for #workforceweek at @wctc w/ @ivankatrump &amp; @govwalker. remarks… crooked h destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, &amp; had husband meet w/ag days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction?why is that hillary clintons family and dems dealings with russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?you are witnessing the single greatest witch hunt in american political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #magathey made up a phony collusion with the russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. nicejust left hospital. rep. steve scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. pray for steve!happy birthday to u.s. army and our soldiers. thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp; dedication. proud to be your commander-in-chief!rep. steve scalise of louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. our thoughts and prayers are with him.just got back from wisconsin. great day, great people!rt @tuckercarlson: .@richardgrenell : @realdonaldtrump told tillerson he had the full support of the u.s. gov't to bring #ottowarmbier home…the passage of the @deptvetaffairs accountability and whistleblower protection act is great news for veterans! i lo… just arrived in wisconsin to discuss jobs, jobs, jobs! #maga🇺🇸  million more people just dropped out of obamacare. it is in a death spiral. obstructionist democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!heading to the great state of wisconsin to talk about jobs, jobs, jobs! big progress being made as the real news is reporting.fake news is at an all time high. where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???a.g. lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave hillary clinton a free pass and protection. totally illegal!rt @corrynmb: @realdonaldtrump liberals have an agenda and it's not in america's best interest. keep fighting the good fight! we stand with…well, as predicted, the th circuit did it again - ruled against the travel ban at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. s.c.the fake news media has never been so wrong or so dirty. purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. sad!"congratulations to the  @clemsonfb tigers!full ceremony: #nationalchampions🏈 finally held our first full @cabinet meeting today. with this great team, we can restore american prosperity and br… "congratulations! 'first new coal mine of trump era opens in pennsylvania' we will never forget the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #pulsenightclub shooting.… ivanka on @foxandfriends now!great numbers on the economy. all of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing executive orders, now kicking in!rt @foxandfriends: .@geraldorivera: chances of impeachment went from % to % with comey's testimony rt @foxandfriends: "yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the russians because there wasn't any…my daughter, ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. enjoy!the democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #obamacare. they are only obstructionists!i believe the james comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. totally illegal? very 'cowardly!'...way up. regulations way down. ,+ new jobs added. unemployment down to .%. business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!the #fakenews msm doesn't report the great economic news since election day. #dow up %. #nasdaq up .%. drilling &amp; energy sector...america is going to build again. under budget and ahead of schedule. time to put #americafirst! #infrastructureweek… time to start building in our country, with american workers &amp; with american iron, aluminum &amp; steel. it is time to… it is time to rebuild our country, to bring back our jobs, to restore our dreams, &amp; yes, to put #americafirst! ty o… a great honor to host and welcome leaders from around america to the @whitehouse infrastructure summit.… an honor to join the @faithandfreedom coalition yesterday. in america, we don't worship government. we worship god.… congratulations to jeb hensarling &amp; republicans on successful house vote to repeal major parts of the  dodd-frank financial law. growth!rt @alandersh: we should stop talking about obstruction of justice. no plausible case. we must distinguish crimes from pol sins great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. thank you!despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and wow, comey is a leaker!getting ready to leave for cincinnati, in the great state of ohio, to meet with obamacare victims and talk healthcare &amp; also infrastructure!i will be nominating christopher a. wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new director of the fbi. details to follow.senate passed the va accountability act. the house should get this bill to my desk asap! we can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets."#icymi: announcement of air traffic control initiative watch➡️great meeting with @housegop and @senategop leaders, including @speakerryan, @senatemajldr, @gopleader, @johncornyn… today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of normandy  years ago. #dday… ...extremism, and all reference was pointing to qatar. perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!so good to see the saudi arabia visit with the king and  countries already paying off. they said they would take a hard line on funding...sorry folks, but if i would have relied on the fake news of cnn, nbc, abc, cbs, washpost or nytimes, i would have had zero chance winning whduring my recent trip to the middle east i stated that there can no longer be funding of radical ideology. leaders pointed to qatar - look!the fake msm is working so hard trying to get me not to use social media. they hate that i can get the honest and unfiltered message out.big meeting today with republican leadership concerning tax cuts and healthcare. we are all pushing hard - must get it right!rt @foxandfriends: fox news alert: isis claims responsibility for hostage siege in melbourne, australia that killed  person and injured …rt @foxandfriends: sen. ted cruz: trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for democrats and republicans that's right, we need a travel ban for certain dangerous countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!"today, i announced an air traffic control initiative to take american air travel into the future - finally!➡️… ".@secshulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our veterans in decades. our heroes deserve the best! ➡️… pathetic excuse by london mayor sadiq khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. msm is working hard to sell it!.@foxandfriends  dems are taking forever to approve my people, including ambassadors. they are nothing but obstructionists! want approvals.in any event we are extreme vetting people coming into the u.s. in order to help keep our country safe. the courts are slow and political!the justice dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down travel ban before the supreme court - &amp; seek much tougher version!the justice dept. should have stayed with the original travel ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to s.c.people, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but i am calling it what we need and what it is, a travel ban!do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? that's because they used knives and a truck!at least  dead and  wounded in terror attack and mayor of london says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"we must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. if we don't get smart it will only get worsewhatever the united states can do to help out in london and the u. k., we will be there - we are with you. god bless!we need to be smart, vigilant and tough. we need the courts to give us back our rights. we need the travel ban as an extra level of safety!rt @drudge_report: fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down  people' on london bridge...#weeklyaddress🇺🇸 "#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸rt @erictrump: #makeamericagreatagain!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 rt @heytammybruce: coming up at a et on @foxandfriends! see you there! 🇺🇸 #magart @lindseygrahamsc: i support president trump’s desire to re-enter the paris accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for america…rt @reince: promise kept. @potus exits flawed #parisaccord to seek better deal for u.s. workers &amp; economy. this wh will always put #ameri…rt @gopleader: .@potus made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the united states. rt @jim_jordan: president trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from paris treaty - it would hurt american companies and american wor…rt @vp: our president is choosing to put american jobs, american consumers, american energy, and american industry first. rt @foxandfriends: wall street hits record highs after trump pulls out of climate pact make america great again!"my job as president is to do everything within my power to give america a level playing field. #americafirst🇺🇸➡️… "join me live at the @whitehouse.➡️ the big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the obama administration.i will be announcing my decision on paris accord, thursday at : p.m.  the white house rose garden.  make america great again!crooked hillary clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. hits facebook &amp; even dems &amp; dnc.it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of vietnam, nguyễn xuân phúc to the @whitehouse this afternoon. we traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. see more at:… i will be announcing my decision on the paris accord over the next few days. make america great again!hopefully republican senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) healthcare bill. add saved $'s.kathy griffin should be ashamed of herself. my children, especially my  year old son, barron, are having a hard time with this. sick!...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by james comey, john brennan..." witch hunt!so now it is reported that the democrats, who have excoriated carter page about russia, don't want him to testify. he blows away their....who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  enjoy!rt @foxandfriends: jared kushner didn't suggest russian communications channel in meeting, source says rt @scavino: president trump pays respects and  delivers #memorialday remarks at arlington national cemetery. the u.s. senate should switch to  votes, immediately, and get healthcare and tax cuts approved, fast and easy. dems would do it, no doubt!russian officials must be laughing at the u.s. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the dems lost the election has taken over the fake news.we have a massive trade deficit with germany, plus they pay far less than they should on nato &amp; military. very bad for u.s. this will changei look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this memorial day at arlington national cemetery later this morning.today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. thank you, god bless your families &amp; god bless the usa!north korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, china, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but china is trying hard!honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to america. home of the free, because of the brave. #memorialday🇺🇸the fake news media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want america to hear the real story!the massive tax cuts/reform that i have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. big benefits to all!i suggest that we add more dollars to healthcare and make it the best anywhere. obamacare is dead - the republicans will do much better!british prime minister may was very angry that the info the u.k. gave to u.s. about manchester was leaked. gave me full details!does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems &amp; fake news until the republican won? v was poorly covered....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #fakenews is the enemy!whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....it is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the white house are fabricated lies made up by the #fakenews media.just returned from europe. trip was a great success for america. hard work but big results!big win in montana for republicans!bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the u.s.a. from the middle east - which will mean jobs, jobs, jobs!i look forward to reading the @commercegov  analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in june. will take major action if necessary....."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field."just left the #gsummit. had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....i will make my final decision on the paris accord next week!many nato countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. money is beginning to pour in- nato will be much stronger.big g meetings today. lots of very important matters under discussion. first on the list, of course, is terrorism. #gtaorminaon behalf of @flotus melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, president sergio mattarella.… terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil➡️getting ready to engage g leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.just arrived in italy for the g. trip has been very successful. we made and saved the usa many billions of dollars and millions of jobs."just arrived in taormina with @flotus melania. #gsummit #usa🇺🇸 "thank you for your support. together, we will make america safe and great again!#potusabroad #usa🇺🇸 "today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#natomeeting #nato rt @flotus: thank u to queen fabiola university hospital! enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients &amp; getting a tour. #brussels…thank you for the warm welcome to brussels, belgium this afternoon! honor of a lifetime to meet his holiness pope francis. i leave the vatican more determined than ever to pursue peac… all civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.israel, saudi arabia and the middle east were great. trying hard for peace. doing well. heading to vatican &amp; pope, then #g and #nato.thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, prime minister @netanyahu and @presidentruvi.we stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the united kingdom. prime minister @netanyahu and @presidentruvi- on behalf of @flotus melania and myself, thank you for the invitation… "rt @netanyahu: ever strongerחזקים תמיד🇮🇱🇺🇸 #riyadhsummit #potusabroad🇺🇸 "speech transcript at arab islamic american summit ➡️replay ➡️#riyadhsummit #potusabroad"rt @flotus: i had a wonderful time with the students at the american international school #riyadh today. #saudiaarabia thank you to the brave servicemen &amp; women who have served, and continue to serve the united states- our true heroes… great to be in riyadh, saudi arabia. looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #potusabroad "#weeklyaddress🇺🇸➡️ getting ready for my big foreign trip. will be strongly protecting american interests - that's what i like to do!"""president donald j. trump proclaims // through // as #policeweek""proclamation➡️… "a great honor to welcome president juan manuel santos of colombia to the white house today!🇺🇸🇨🇴joint press conf➡️… with all of the illegal acts that took place in the clinton campaign &amp; obama administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!this is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in american history!it was my great honor to deliver the #cgacommencement at the @uscgacademy. congratulations to the class of !… it was a great honor to welcome the president of turkey, recep tayyip erdoğan, to the @whitehouse today! 'u.s. industrial production surged in april' i have been asking director comey &amp; others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the leakers in the intelligence community........to terrorism and airline flight safety. humanitarian reasons, plus i want russia to greatly step up their fight against isis &amp; terrorism.as president i wanted to share with russia (at an openly scheduled w.h. meeting) which i have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining...."#peaceofficersmemorialday and#policeweek proclamation:  "today, i delivered remarks at the th annual national peace officers' memorial service. #nationalpoliceweekwatch… "wishing @flotus melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! happy #mothersday"i was thrilled to be back @libertyu. congratulations to the class of ! this is your day, and you've earned it.… will be interviewed by @judgejeanine on @foxnews at : p.m. (saturday night). enjoy!"#weeklyaddress🇺🇸➡️ today, i welcomed the victory christian center school. good luck @ the team america rocketry challenge! #tarc watch… today, @flotus hosted a military mother's day event in the east room of the wh. it was an honor to stop by, say hel… china just agreed that the u.s. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into china once again. this is real news!when james clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?james comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!...maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???as a very active president with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....the fake media is working overtime today!again, the story that there was collusion between the russians &amp; trump campaign was fabricated by dems as an excuse for losing the election.yesterday, on the same day- i had meetings with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and the fm of ukraine, pavlo… russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the u.s. tears itself apart over a democrat excuse for losing the election.we finally agree on something rosie. "'presidential executive order on the establishment of presidential advisory commission on election integrity'➡️… 'presidential executive order on strengthening the cybersecurity of federal networks and critical infrastructure'… "the democrats should be ashamed. this is a disgrace!#draintheswamp dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about dir. comey. now that he has been fired they pretend to be aggrieved. phony hypocrites!the roger stone report on @cnn is false - fake news. have not spoken to roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. he should be the one who is investigated for his acts.years, as a pol in connecticut, blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in vietnam - except he was never there. when....watching senator richard blumenthal speak of comey is a joke. "richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in u.s. history. for....rt @drudge_report:  scandals on director's watch... comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in washington, republican and democrat alike. when things calm down, they will be thanking me!rt @drudge_report: mexico nd deadliest country; tops afghan, iraq... james comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the fbi.the democrats have said some of the worst things about james comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!cryin' chuck schumer stated recently, "i do not have confidence in him (james comey) any longer." then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp"'manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'it was an honor to welcome the teachers of the year to the wh last month. today, we honor and thank all teachers!… biggest story today between clapper &amp; yates is on surveillance. why doesn't the media report on this? #fakenews!the russia-trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?sally yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!director clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ russia and trump.honored to welcome georgia prime minister, giorgi kvirikashvili to the @whitehouse today with @vp mike pence.… ask sally yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to w.h. counsel.general flynn was given the highest security clearance by the obama administration - but the fake news seldom likes talking about that.congratulations to @pga_johndaly on his big win yesterday. john is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!"rt @israelipm: pm benjamin netanyahu at  weekly cabinet meeting:in two weeks, israel will host @potus trump on his first trip as president…"rexnord of indiana made a deal during the obama administration to move to mexico. fired their employees. tax product big that's sold in u.s.congratulations to emmanuel macron on his big win today as the next president of france. i look very much forward to working with him!republican senators will not let the american people down! obamacare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!rt @brunelldonald: i thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when i voted @realdonaldtrump! i…rt @foxnews: .@potus: "i'm not against the media. i'm against the fake media." #cashinin when will the fake media ask about the dems dealings with russia &amp; why the dnc wouldn't allow the fbi to check their server or investigate?the reason i am staying in bedminster, n. j., a beautiful community, is that staying in nyc is much more expensive and disruptive. meetings!great jobs report today - it is all beginning to work!why is it that the fake news rarely reports ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? it's dead!wow,the fake news media did everything in its power to make the republican healthcare victory look as bad as possible.far better than ocare!#weeklyaddress🇺🇸 jobs, jobs, jobs! of course the australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. obamacare is dead! but our healthcare will soon be great.rather than causing a big disruption in n.y.c., i will be working out of my home in bedminster, n.j. this weekend. also saves country money!big win in the house - very exciting! but when everything comes together with the inclusion of phase , we will have truly great healthcare!an honor to welcome pm of australia, @turnbullmalcolm to america &amp; join him in marking the th anniversary of the… it was a great day for the united states of america! this is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of obamacare.… if victorious, republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful rose garden of the white house immediately after vote!insurance companies are fleeing obamacare - it is dead. our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!i am watching the democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" obamacare lie."beautiful evening with religious leaders here at the wh last night. join us now for a #nationaldayofprayer, live:… "death spiral!'aetna will exit obamacare markets in va in , citing expected losses on indv plans this year'rt @foxandfriends: president trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today, the national day of prayer | @kevincorke congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.the fake news media is officially out of control. they will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!...allegations of unmasking trump transition officials. not good!susan rice, the former national security advisor to president obama, is refusing to testify before a senate subcommittee next week on.....it was an honor to stop by a #schoolchoice event hosted by @vp pence and @usedgov secretary @betsydevosed at the… ...trump/russia story was an excuse used by the democrats as justification for losing the election. perhaps trump just ran a great campaign?fbi director comey was the best thing that ever happened to hillary clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! the phony..."congratulations to the winners of the commander-in-chief's trophy, the great air force falcons! watch:… either elect more republican senators in  or change the rules now to %. our country needs a good "shutdown" in september to fix mess!the reason for the plan negotiated between the republicans and democrats is that we need  votes in the senate which are not there! we....president andrew jackson, who died  years before the civil war started, saw it coming and was angry. would never have let it happen!"#icymi- on saturday i signed two eo's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.eo:  eo:… this month we celebrate the contributions of asian americans &amp; pacific islanders that enrich our nation. ...healthcare plan is on its way. will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!you can't compare anything to obamacare because obamacare is dead. dems want billions to go to insurance companies to bail out donors....newthe democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.they are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for u.s.big excitement last night in the great state of pennsylvania! fantastic crowd and people. make america great again!i will be interviewed on @facethenation this morning at : a.m. have a great day!rt @charliekirk:  days ago a new message, leader, &amp; movement took the oval office! a government for the people by the people. this is…mainstream (fake) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including  legislative signings, strong borders &amp; great optimism!looking forward to rally in the great state of pennsylvania tonight at :. big crowd, big energy!.@loudobbs just stated that "president trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  thank you lou!rt @foxnation: . @tuckercarlson : #dems don't really believe #trump is a pawn of #russia - that's just their political tool  north korea disrespected the wishes of china &amp; its highly respected president when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. bad!i will be interviewed by @marthamaccallum on @foxnews tonight at pm. enjoy!we are making tremendous progress with the v. a. there has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. we love our vets!rt @foxandfriends: former president obama's $k wall street speech stuns liberal base; sen. warren saying she "was troubled by that" today, i signed an executive order on improving accountability and whistleblower protection at the @deptvetaffairs:… presidential memorandum for the @commercegov, @secretaryross re: aluminum imports and threats to national security:… .@flotus melania and i were honored to welcome argentina president @mauriciomacri and first lady juliana awada to t… as families prepare for summer vacations in our national parks - democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. terrible!democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. it is time to put #americafirst🇺🇸what's more important? rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? ask the democrats.i promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. democrats want to shut down the government. politics!i want to help our miners while the democrats are blocking their healthcare.the democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out puerto rico and give billions to their insurance companies for ocare failure. no!...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate nafta. relationships are good-deal very possible!i received calls from the president of mexico and the prime minister of canada asking to renegotiate nafta rather than terminate. i agreed..democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #obamacare, and puerto rico with your tax dollars. sad!a great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the national teacher of the year, as well as the teacher of the year fro… today, i signed an executive order on enforcing statutory prohibitions on federal control of education. eo:… today, i signed an executive order @ the u.s. dept. of @interior: 'review of designations under the antiquities act… "happy birthday to our @flotus, melania!  the u.s. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (). gdp up only .%. trade deficits hurt the economy very badly....the ninth circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to %). they used to call this "judge shopping!" messy system.out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...first the ninth circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. see you in the supreme court!"'presidential executive order on promoting agriculture and rural prosperity in america'executive order:… "remarks at the united states holocaust memorial museum's national days of remembrance. full remarks:… don't let the fake media tell you that i have changed my position on the wall. it will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.canada has made business for our dairy farmers in wisconsin and other border states very difficult. we will not stand for this. watch!proud of @ivankatrump for her leadership on these important issues. looking forward to hearing her speak at the w! today, i signed the holocaust remembrance proclamation:  #icymi- my statement last night at… if our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. obamacare is in a death spiral!join me in congratulating @nasa's @astropeggy by using the hashtag #congratspeggy! earlier today:… "....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will never be fixed the way it should be!#buildthewall"the wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! ifthe two fake news polls released yesterday, abc &amp; nbc, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in general e. watch!...popular vote. abc news/washington post poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; % said strong leader.new polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is fake and almost always negative. would still beat hillary in .....eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.the democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad ms  gang members.obamacare is in serious trouble. the dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.thank you lake worth, florida. @foxandfriendsvery interesting election currently taking place in france.i am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. jobs matter!today on earth day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. we stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.big tax reform and tax reduction will be announced next wednesday.next saturday night i will be holding a big rally in pennsylvania. look forward to it!getting ready to visit walter reed medical center with melania. looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest americans!rt @foxandfriends: israeli pm netanyahu praises u.s. policy changes during meeting with defense. sec mattis rt @foxandfriends: chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds, plus give them access to city services after  sb victories since , it was my honor to give bob kraft, coach belichick, and the players their first to… "'presidential executive order on identifying and reducing tax regulatory burdens' executive order:… "rt @scavino: .@potus @realdonaldtrump, @ivankatrump, jared kushner, &amp; dina powell in the oval office today w/ aya &amp; her brother basel.#w…""welcome home, aya!#godblesstheusa🇺🇸 china is very much the economic lifeline to north korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the north korean problem, they willno matter how much i accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first  days, &amp; it has been a lot (including s.c.), media will kill!another terrorist attack in paris. the people of france will not take much more of this. will have a big effect on presidential election!rt @foxandfriends: nyt editor apologizes for misleading tweet about new england patriots' visit to the white house (via @foxfriendsfirst) h…a great honor to host pm paolo gentiloni of italy at the white house this afternoon! #icymi- joint press conference… we're going to use american steel, we're going to use american labor, we are going to come first in all deals. ➡️… failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning new england patriots visit to w.h.a great honor to host the @superbowl champion new england @patriots at the white house today. congratulations!… "today i signed the veterans (our heroes) choice program extension &amp; improvement act @ the @whitehouse. #s watch… #buyamericanhireamerican🇺🇸 dems failed in kansas and are now failing in georgia. great job karen handel! it is now hollywood vs. georgia on june th.despite major outside money, fake media support and eleven republican candidates, big "r" win with runoff in georgia. glad to be of help!"#buyamericanhireamerican🇺🇸watch➡️ just learned that jon @ossoff, who is running for congress in georgia, doesn't even live in the district. republicans, get out and vote!republicans must get out today and vote in georgia . force runoff and easy win! dem ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; nd a.democrat jon ossoff would be a disaster in congress. very weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. say noi will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at : a.m. enjoy!the weak illegal immigration policies of the obama admin. allowed bad ms  gangs to form in cities across u.s. we are removing them fast!with eleven republican candidates running in georgia (on tuesday) for congress, a runoff will be a win. vote "r" for lower taxes &amp; safety!"see you tomorrow wisconsin!'trump spurs small-business optimism in milwaukee area'"trump approval hits %rt @drudge_report: trump approval hits % the super liberal democrat in the georgia congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!the fake media (not real media) has gotten even worse since the election. every story is badly slanted. we have to hold them to the truth!a great book for your reading enjoyment: "reasons to vote for democrats" by michael j. knowles."the first  days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" so true. @foxandfriendsthe recent kansas election (congress) was a really big media event, until the republicans won. now they play the same game with georgia-bad!our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. frankly, we have no choice!someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. the election is over!i did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a republican-easily won the electoral college! now tax returns are brought up again?happy easter to everyone!why would i call china a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the north korean problem? we will see what happens!rt @flotus: looking forward to hosting the annual easter egg roll at the @whitehouse on monday! weekly address-  rt @drudge_report: great again: feds arrest murder suspect in 'fast and furious' scandal... it was a great honor to welcome atlanta's heroic first responders to the white house this afternoon! things will work out fine between the u.s.a. and russia. at the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!i have great confidence that china will properly deal with north korea. if they are unable to do so, the u.s., with its allies, will! u.s.a.jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. we are truly making america great again!one by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. big changes are happening!economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the american workers. #americafirstgreat meeting w/ nato sec. gen. we agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on… great win in kansas last night for ron estes, easily winning the congressional race against the dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!had a very good call last night with the president of china concerning the menace of north korea.i will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo at : a.m. @foxbusiness. enjoy!great strategic &amp; policy ceo forum today with my cabinet secretaries and top ceo's from around the united states.… ron estes is running today for congress in the great state of kansas. a wonderful guy, i need his help on healthcare &amp; tax cuts (reform).north korea is looking for trouble. if china decides to help, that would be great. if not, we will solve the problem without them!  u.s.a.i explained to the president of china that a trade deal with the u.s. will be far better for them if they solve the north korean problem!rt @foxnation: grateful syrians react to @realdonaldtrump strike: 'i'll name my son donald'  #syrianstrikeshappy passover to everyone celebrating in the united states of america, israel, and around the world. #chagsameachcongratulations to justice neil gorsuch on his elevation to the united states supreme court. a great day for americ… thank you @usnavy! #usa ...confidence that president al sisi will handle situation properly.so sad to hear of the terrorist attack in egypt. u.s. strongly condemns. i have great...judge gorsuch will be sworn in at the rose garden of the white house on monday at : a.m. he will be a great justice. very proud of him!the reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the united states, and the world, so well in the syria attack....goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.it was a great honor to have president xi jinping and madame peng liyuan of china as our guests in the united states. tremendous...rt @ivankatrump: very proud of arabella and joseph for their performance in honor of president xi jinping and madame peng liyuan's official…it was an honor to host our american heroes from the @wwp #soldierridedc at the @whitehouse today with @flotus, @vp… "jobs, jobs, jobs! i am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening america's long-standing support for… great to talk jobs with #nabtu. tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! thank you sean mcgarvey &amp; the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #nabtu… ".@whitehouse #ceotownhall➡️ rt @drudge_report: rice ordered spy docs on trump? it was an honor to welcome president al sisi of egypt to the @whitehouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… looking forward to hosting our heroes from the wounded warrior project (@wwp) soldier ride to the @whitehouse on th… getting ready to meet president al-sisi of egypt. on behalf of the united states, i look forward to a long and wonderful relationship..@foxnews from multiple sources: "there was electronic surveillance of trump, and people close to trump. this is unprecedented." @fbidid hillary clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? just asking!was the brother of john podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on russia lifted? did hillary know?such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "spied on before nomination." the real story."melania and i are honored to light up the @whitehouse this evening, for #worldautismawarenessday. join us &amp; #liub.… the real story turns out to be surveillance and leaking! find the leakers.talks on repealing and replacing obamacare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.anybody (especially  fake news media) who thinks that repeal &amp; replace of obamacare is dead does not know the love and strength in r party!thank you @jclayfield -- will get even better as my administration continues to put #americafirst🇺🇸 ..not associated with russia. trump team spied on before he was nominated." if this is true, does not get much bigger. would be sad for u.s.wow, @foxnews just reporting big news. source: "official behind unmasking is high up. known intel official is responsible. some unmasked.......use subsidies to buy health plans." in other words, ocare is dead. good things will happen, however, either with republicans or dems.the failing @nytimes finally gets it - "in places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for obamacare customers to..it is the same fake news media that said there is "no path to victory for trump" that is now pushing the phony russia story. a total scam!when will sleepy eyes chuck todd and @nbcnews start talking about the obama surveillance scandal and stop with the fake trump/russia story?we are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the american worker. it is time to put… 'trump celebrates american manufacturing survey showing highest level of optimism in  years' ➡️… "it is an exciting time for our country!#weeklyaddress #confirmgorsuch #confirmgorsuch #scotus great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former secretary of state, condoleezza rice! #usa🇺🇸 it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of denmark, lars løkke rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @whitehouse yes… mike flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp; dems, of historic proportion!only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸… ...and job losses. american companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.the meeting next week with china will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits..."where are @repmarkmeadows, @jim_jordan and @raul_labrador?#repealandreplace #obamacare"if @repmarkmeadows, @jim_jordan and @raul_labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.great op-ed from @repkenbuck. looks like some in the freedom caucus are helping me end #obamacare. the failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. gotten me wrong for two solid years. change libel laws? the freedom caucus will hurt the entire republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp; fast. we must fight them, &amp; dems, in !"today we honored our true american heroes on the first-ever national vietnam war veterans day.#thankaveteran… .@flotus melania and i were honored to stop by the women's empowerment  panel this afternoon at the @whitehouse.… today's eo established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. watch listening session➡️… if the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. now worse!why doesn't fake news talk about podesta ties to russia as covered by @foxnews or money from russia to clinton - sale of  uranium?"a new era in american energy! #madeintheusa🇺🇸watch here:  it was an honor to welcome @glfop to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence &amp; attorney general sessions. thank you fo… "the failing @nytimes would do much better if they were honest! watch @foxandfriends now on podesta and russia!big announcement by ford today. major investment to be made in three michigan plants. car companies coming back to u.s.  jobs! jobs! jobs!the democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as obamacare folds - not long. do not worry, we are in very  good shape!the republican house freedom caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. after so many bad years they were ready for a win!...money to bill, the hillary russian "reset," praise of russia by hillary, or podesta russian company. trump russia story is a hoax. #maga!why isn't the house intelligence committee looking into the bill &amp; hillary deal that allowed big uranium to go to russia, russian speech....general kelly is doing a great job at the border. numbers are way down. many are not even trying to come in anymore.democrats are smiling in d.c. that the freedom caucus, with the help of club for growth and heritage, have saved planned parenthood &amp; ocare!thanks you for all of the trump rallies today. amazing support. we will all make america great again!watch @judgejeanine on @foxnews tonight at : p.m.obamacare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for the people. do not worry!happy #medalofhonorday to our heroes! ➡️ today, i was thrilled to announce a commitment of $ billion &amp; k american jobs over the next  years. thank you… today, i was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #keystonepipeline. a grea… the irony is that the freedom caucus, which is very pro-life and against planned parenthood, allows p.p. to continue if they stop this plan!after seven horrible years of obamacare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!it was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @whitehouse today! we are taking action to #repealandreplace #obamacare! contact your rep &amp; tell them you support #ahca. #passthebill… a great american, kurt cochran, was killed in the london terror attack. my prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called russia story on nbc and abc. such dishonesty!spoke to u.k. prime minister theresa may today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in london. she is strong and doing very well.rt @mitchellvii: trump always ends up being right.  it's almost a little freaky.rt @mitchellvii: exactly as i said - house intel chair: we cannot rule out sr. obama officials were involved in trump surveillance big day for healthcare. working hard!today on #nationalagday, we honor our great american farmers &amp; ranchers. their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained… honored to sign s. today. with this legislation, we support @nasa's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the… joined the @housegop conference this morning at the u.s. capitol.  #passthebill #maga🇺🇸… thank you louisville, kentucky. together, we will make america safe and great again! thank you louisville, kentucky- on my way! #maga🇺🇸 congratulations eric &amp; lara. very proud and happy for the two of you! what about all of the contact with the clinton campaign and the russians? also, is it true that the dnc would not let the fbi in to look?just heard fake news cnn is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a way off disaster. much higher ratings at foxthe real story that congress, the fbi and all others should be looking into is the leaking of classified information. must find leaker now!the democrats made up and pushed the russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. big advantage in electoral college &amp; lost!james clapper and others stated that there is no evidence potus colluded with russia. this story is fake news and everyone knows it!"#icymi: weekly address ➡️ ...vast sums of money to nato &amp; the united states must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to germany!despite what you have heard from the fake news, i had a great meeting with german chancellor angela merkel. nevertheless, germany owes.....great meeting with the @republicanstudy committee this morning at the @whitehouse! """the president changed. so has small businesses' confidence""north korea is behaving very badly. they have been "playing" the united states for years. china has done little to help!rt @foxandfriends: fox news alert: jihadis using religious visa to enter us, experts warn (via @foxfriendsfirst) rt @foxandfriends: video: rep. scalise — gop agrees on over  percent of health care bill "rt @americafirstpol: major impact: @potus trump is  days in and moving swiftly to get america back on the right track. #maga rt @foxnews: jobs created in february. happy lá fheile phadraig to all of my great irish friends!rt @diamondandsilk: when the president says "you're fired"     that means: "pack yo stuff and go, not say "you refuse to go!  #draintheswam…my representatives had a great meeting w/ the hispanic chamber of commerce at the wh today. look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!great progress on healthcare. improvements being made - republicans coming together!rt @ushcc: ushcc was delighted to host @ivankatrump for a roundtable discussion w/ hispanic women biz owners today in washington #ushcclegi…an honor to welcome the taoiseach of ireland, @endakennytd to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence. 🇺🇸🇮🇪 a budget that puts #americafirst must make safety its no.  priority—without safety there can be no prosperity: thank you nashville, tennessee! in nashville, tennessee! lets make america great again! thank you andrew jackson! #potus #usa🇺🇸 i will be interviewed by @tuckercarlson tonight at : p.m. on @foxnews. enjoy!ceo's most optimistic since . it will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!looking forward to a big rally in nashville, tennessee, tonight. big crowd of great people expected. will be fun!will be going to detroit, michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to state &amp; u.s. already happening!can you imagine what the outcry would be if @snoopdogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at president obama? jail time!does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @nbcnews  fake news!great optimism in america – and the results will be even better! jobs, jobs, jobs! meeting w/ washington, d.c. @mayorbowser and metro gm paul wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… proud to welcome our great cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. unfortunately  seats were empty because s… healthcare listening session w/ @vp &amp; @secpricemd. watch:  #readthebill:… obamacare is imploding. it is a disaster and  will be the worst year yet, by far! republicans will come together and save the day.it is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. be nice, you will do much better!rt @americafirstpol: .@potus trump led a historic journey to the white house.  days in, that historic journey continues. take a look 👉 ht…we are making great progress with healthcare. obamacare is imploding and will only get worse. republicans coming together to get job done!"weekly address - : a.m. at the @whitehouse! #maga🇺🇸➡️ rt @drudge_report: great again:  +, rt @foxandfriends: "never give up....that's the worst thing you could do. there's always a chance." -kyle coddington's message to those als…honored to meet this years @senateyouth delegates w/ @vp pence in the east room of the @whitehouse. congratulations… 'u.s. consumer comfort just reached its highest level in a decade' ➡️ despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. we are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!rt @foxnation: .@realdonaldtrump's first full month in office sees biggest jobs gain 'in years': report: great news. we are only just beginning. together, we are going to #maga!  met with @repcummings today at the @whitehouse. great discussion!linkedin workforce report: january and february were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since august and september on international women's day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in america &amp; around the world.i have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.i feel sure that my friend @randpaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows obamacare is a disaster!don't let the fake news tell you that there is big infighting in the trump admin. we are getting along great, and getting major things done!i am working on a new system where there will be competition in the drug industry. pricing for the american people will come way down!don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase  &amp;  of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriendsfor eight years russia "ran over" president obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off crimea and added missiles. weak! @foxandfriendsour wonderful new healthcare bill is now out for review and negotiation. obamacare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast! vicious prisoners, released by the obama administration from gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. just another terrible decision!thank you to @exxonmobil for your $ billion investment that is creating more than , manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the usa!buy american &amp; hire american are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: jobs, jobs, jobs! thank you @exxonmobil.there is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the jobs! , construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the u.s. gulf coast region. $ billion investment. we are already winning again, america!"'president trump congratulates exxon mobil for job-creating investment program'thank you for the great rallies all across the country. tremendous support. make america great again!who was it that secretly said to russian president, "tell vladimir that after the election i'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriendsis it true the dnc would not allow the fbi access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? can that be possible?arnold schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. sad end to great showhow low has president obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. this is nixon/watergate. bad (or sick) guy!i'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that president obama was tapping my phones in october, just prior to election!is it legal for a sitting president to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? turned down by court earlier. a new low!just out: the same russian ambassador that met jeff sessions visited the obama white house  times, and  times last year alone.terrible! just found out that obama had my "wires tapped" in trump tower just before the victory. nothing found. this is mccarthyism!the first meeting jeff sessions had with the russian amb was set up by the obama administration under education program for  ambs......make america great again! i hereby demand a second investigation, after schumer, of pelosi for her close ties to russia, and lying about it. we must fix our education system for our kids to make america great again. wonderful day at saint andrew in orlando. we should start an immediate investigation into @senschumer and his ties to russia and putin. a total hypocrite! "weekly addressjoin me here:  it is so pathetic that the dems have still not approved my full cabinet.nick adams new book, green card warrior, is a must read. the merit-based system is the way to go. canada, australia! @foxandfriends...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. it is a total "witch hunt!"...to win. the democrats are overplaying their hand. they lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. the real story......intentional. this whole narrative is a way of saving face for democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....jeff sessions is an honest man. he did not say anything wrong. he could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....since november th, election day, the stock market has posted $. trillion in gains and consumer confidence is at a  year high. jobs!thank you!"#jointsession #maga🇺🇸"join me live at : p.m. #jointaddress  i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at : a.m. enjoy!"gop now viewed more favorably than dems, in trump era (per nbc/wsj poll) via @hotlinejosh:great meeting with ceos of leading u.s. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the american peo… big dinner with governors tonight at white house. much to be discussed, including healthcare.russia talk is fake news put out by the dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!for first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!the race for dnc chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." bernie's guy, like bernie himself, never had a chance. clinton demanded perez!congratulations to thomas perez, who has just been named chairman of the dnc. i could not be happier for him, or for the republican party!i will not be attending the white house correspondents' association dinner this year. please wish everyone well and have a great evening!weekly address from @whitehouse:  great optimism for future of u.s. business, and jobs, with the dow having an th straight record close. big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!the media has not reported that the national debt in my first month went down by $ billion vs a $ billion increase in obama first mo.maybe the millions of people who voted to make america great again should have their own rally. it would be the biggest of them all!fake news media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. a great danger to our country. the failing @nytimes has become a joke. likewise @cnn. sad!"trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking going to cpac!find the leakers within the fbi itself. classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on u.s. find nowthe fbi is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. they can't even......big interview tonight by henry kravis at the business council of washington. looking forward to it!seven people shot and killed yesterday in chicago. what is going on there - totally out of control. chicago needs help!'s&amp;p  edges higher after trump renews jobs pledge' very much enjoyed my tour of the smithsonian's national museum of african american history and culture...a great job done by amazing people!one thing i will say about rep. keith ellison, in his fight to lead the dnc, is that he was the one who predicted early that i would win!the so-called angry crowds in home districts of some republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. sad!'americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' congratulations to our new national security advisor, general h.r. mcmaster. video:  just named general h.r. mcmaster national security advisor.happy presidents day - make america great again!give the public a break - the fake news media is trying to say that large scale immigration in sweden is working out just beautifully. not!my statement as to what's happening in sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @foxnews concerning immigrants &amp; sweden.will be having many meetings this weekend at the southern white house. big : p.m. speech in melbourne, florida. a lot to talk about!don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.the white house is running very well. i inherited a mess and am in the process of fixing it.looking forward to the florida rally tomorrow. big crowd expected!"one of the most effective press conferences i've ever seen!" says rush limbaugh. many agree.yet fake media  calls it differently! dishonestthe fake news media (failing @nytimes, @nbcnews, @abc, @cbs, @cnn) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the american people!"join me at :am:watch here:  general keith kellogg, who i have known for a long time, is very much in play for nsa - as are three others.thank you for all of the nice statements on the press conference yesterday. rush limbaugh said one of greatest ever. fake media not happy!going to charleston, south carolina, in order to spend time with boeing and talk jobs! look forward to it.despite the long delays by the democrats in finally approving dr. tom price, the repeal and replacement of obamacare is moving fast!'trump signs bill undoing obama coal mining rule' the democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (), so they made up a story - russia. fake news!fake news media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited democrats - but they are fading fast!the spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! they will be caught!leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in washington for years. failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!venezuela should allow leopoldo lopez, a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… "aetna ceo: obamacare in 'death spiral' #repealandreplace "join me in florida this saturday at pm for a rally at the orlando-melbourne international airport!tickets:… "welcome to the united states, @israelipm benjamin &amp; sara!#icymi🇺🇸🇮🇱joint press conference:  great listening session with ceo's of the retail industry leaders association this morning! the real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. very un-american!crimea was taken by russia during the obama administration. was obama too soft on russia?thank you to eli lake of the bloomberg view - "the nsa &amp; fbi...should not interfere in our politics...and is" very serious situation for usainformation is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (nsa and fbi?).just like russiathis russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton's losing campaign.the fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @msnbc &amp; @cnn are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!"obamacare continues to fail. humana to pull out in . will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for all americans. "'remarks by president trump at signing of h.j. resolution ' great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @vp pence &amp; @usedgov secretary @betsydevos. watch:… the real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of washington? will these leaks be happening as i deal on n.korea etc?congratulations to our new #vasecretary dr. david shulkin. time to take care of veterans who have fought to protect… congratulations treasury secretary steven mnuchin! #icymi- watch here:  wonderful meeting with canadian pm @justintrudeau and a group of leading ceo's &amp; business women from canada🇨🇦and th… welcome to the @whitehouse prime minister @justintrudeau! today i will meet with canadian pm trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. just leaving florida. big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the fake news media refuses to mention. very dishonest!congratulations stephen miller- on representing me this morning on the various sunday morning shows. great job!i know mark cuban well. he backed me big-time but i wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.he's not smart enough to run for president!after two days of very productive talks, prime minister abe is heading back to japan. lwhile on fake news @cnn, bernie sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. they said technical difficulties!% of refugees admitted into u.s. (/ -/) during court breakdown are from  countries: syria, iraq, somalia, iran, sudan, libya &amp; yementhe crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!#icymi: joint statement with prime minister shinzo abe on north korea. rt @scavino: live joint statement by president trump and prime minister shinzo abe: a working dinner tonight with prime minister abe of japan, and his representatives, at the winter white house (mar-a-lago). very good talks!played golf today with prime minister abe of japan and @thebig_easy, ernie els, and had a great time. japan is very well represented!i am so proud of my daughter ivanka. to be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!"having a great time hosting prime minister shinzo abe in the united states!  melania and i are hosting japanese prime minister shinzo abe and mrs. abe at mar-a-lago in palm beach, fla. they are a wonderful couple!...design or negotiations yet. when i do, just like with the f- fighterjet or the air force one program, price will come way down!i am reading that the great border wall will cost more than the government originally thought, but i have not gotten involved in the.....our legal system is broken! "% of refugees allowed into u.s. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (wt)  so dangerous!heading to joint base andrews on #marineone with prime minister shinzō earlier today. the failing @nytimes does major fake news china story saying "mr.xi has not spoken to mr. trump since nov.." we spoke at length yesterday!lawfare: "remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." a disgraceful decision!see you in court, the security of our nation is at stake!"join us live in the oval office for the swearing in of our new attorney general, @senatorsessions!live:… ..ryan died on a winning mission ( according to general mattis), not a "failure." time for the u.s. to get smart and start winning again!...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. our hero..sen. mccain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. only emboldens the enemy! he's been losing so....chris cuomo, in his interview with sen. blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in vietnam. fake news!sen.richard blumenthal, who never fought in vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what judge gorsuch told him?congratulations to our new attorney general, @senatorsessions! "'trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'"'majority in leading eu nations support trump-style travel ban' poll of more than , people in  countries...'immigration ban is one of trump's most popular orders so far' thank you brian krzanich, ceo of @intel. a great investment ($ billion) in american innovation and jobs!… big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be easy d!' fake news stories reporters have run since trump won' my daughter ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @nordstrom. she is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! terrible!thank you to our great police chiefs &amp; sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. you have a true friend in the… i will be speaking at : a.m. today to police chiefs and sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......if the u.s. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. politics!it is a disgrace that my full cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. obstruction by democrats!an honor having the national sheriffs' assoc. join me at the @whitehouse. incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv… i don't know putin, have no deals in russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet obama can make a deal with iran, # in terror, no problem!the threat from radical islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in europe and the middle-east. courts must act fast!the failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. now they are worse!an extended interview from the super bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at : p.m. enjoy! the failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. they have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources!i call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. some fake news media, in order to marginalize, lies!any negative polls are fake news, just like the cnn, abc, nbc polls in the election. sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.what an amazing comeback and win by the patriots. tom brady, bob kraft and coach b are total winners. wow!enjoy the #superbowl and then we continue: make america great again!i have instructed homeland security to check people coming into our country very carefully. the courts are making the job very difficult!just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. if something happens blame him and court system. people pouring in. bad!the judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. bad people are very happy!interview with @oreillyfactor on fox network - : p.m. (prior to super bowl). enjoy!why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the federal court decision in boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. a terrible decisionwhat is our country coming to when a judge can halt a homeland security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into u.s.?make america great again!after being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the fake news @nytimes is still lost!the opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!interesting that certain middle-eastern countries agree with the ban. they know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!when a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp; out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!countries charge u.s. companies taxes or tariffs while the u.s. charges them nothing or little.we should charge them same as they charge us!we must keep "evil" out of our country!a new radical islamic terrorist has just attacked in louvre museum in paris. tourists were locked down. france on edge again. get smart u.s.professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to make america great again!meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. good jobs are coming back to u.s., health care and tax bills are being crafted now!thank you to prime minister of australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that fake news media lied about. very nice!iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" president obama was to them. not me!yes, arnold schwarzenegger did a really bad job as governor of california and even worse on the apprentice...but at least he tried hard!thank you, @samsung! we would love to have you! iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the u.s. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the iran deal: $ billioniran has been formally put on notice for firing a ballistic missile.should have been thankful for the terrible deal the u.s. made with them!attending chief ryan owens' dignified transfer yesterday with my daughter ivanka was my great honor. to a great and brave man - thank you!congratulations to rex tillerson on being sworn in as our new secretary of state. he will be a star!if u.c. berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - no federal funds?do you believe it? the obama administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from australia. why? i will study this dumb deal!iran is rapidly taking over more and more of iraq even after the u.s. has squandered three trillion dollars there. obvious long ago!everybody is arguing whether or not it is a ban. call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!hope you like my nomination of judge neil gorsuch for the united states supreme court. he is a good and brilliant man, respected by all."join me live from the @whitehouse.getting ready to deliver a very important decision!  : p.m.when will the democrats give us our attorney general and rest of cabinet! they should be ashamed of themselves! no wonder d.c. doesn't work!nancy pelosi and fake tears chuck schumer held a rally  at the steps of the supreme court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like dem party!the democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. they have nothing going but to obstruct. now have an obama a.g.the american dream is back. we’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, ma… where was all the outrage from democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?i have made my decision on who i will nominate for the united states supreme court. it will be announced live on tuesday at : p.m. (w.h.)if the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. a lot of bad "dudes" out there!there is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. this was a big part of my campaign. study the world!protesters and the tears of senator schumer. secretary kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. make america safe again!only  people out of , were detained and held for questioning. big problems at airports were caused by delta computer outage,.....i will be interviewed by @thebrodyfile on @cbnnews tonight at pm. enjoy!statement regarding recent executive order concerning extreme vetting: ...senators should focus their energies on isis, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start world war iii.the joint statement of former presidential candidates john mccain &amp; lindsey graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. the two...christians in the middle-east have been executed in large numbers. we cannot allow this horror to continue!our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, now. look what is happening all over europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the fake news and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!today, we remember the crew of the space shuttle challenger,  years later. #neverforget ...dwindling subscribers and readers.they got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. dishonestthr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....the failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. said i would lose the primaries, then the general election. fake news!i promise that our administration will always have your back. we will always be with you! congratulations secretary mattis! statement on international holocaust remembrance day: .@vp mike pence will be speaking at today's #marchforlife -- you have our full support! the #marchforlife is so important. to all of you marching --- you have my full support!mexico has taken advantage of the u.s. for long enough. massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, now!look forward to seeing final results of votestand. gregg phillips and crew say at least ,, votes were illegal. we must do better!miami-dade mayor drops sanctuary policy. right decision. strong! will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @foxnews at :pm tonight. enjoy!spoke at the congressional @gop retreat in philadelphia, pa. this afternoon w/ @vp, @senatemajldr, @speakerryan. th… of jobs and companies lost. if mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.the u.s. has a  billion dollar trade deficit with mexico. it has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of nafta with massive numbers...ungrateful traitor chelsea manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling president obama a weak leader. terrible!interview with david muir of @abc news in  minutes. enjoy!"@romoabcnews: .@davidmuir first @potus interview since taking office.  tonight on @abcworldnews @abc tonight. as your president, i have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the american people. beginning today, the united states of america gets back control of its borders. full speech from today @dhsgov:… i will be interviewed by @davidmuir tonight at  o'clock on @abc. will be my first interview from the white house.… i will be making my supreme court pick on thursday of next week.thank you!even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!i will be asking for a major investigation into voter fraud, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....big day planned on national security tomorrow. among many other things, we will build the wall!if chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on,  shootings in  with  killings (up % from ), i will send in the feds!congratulations to @foxnews for being number one in inauguration ratings. they were many times higher than fake news @cnn - public is smart!great meeting with ford ceo mark fields and general motors ceo mary barra at the @whitehouse today. signing orders to move forward with the construction of the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines in the oval off… great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @whitehouse this morning. together, we will #maga! a photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. thank you abbas! will be meeting at : with top automobile executives concerning jobs in america. i want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. top executives coming in at : a.m. to talk manufacturing in america.peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. even if i don't always agree, i recognize the rights of people to express their views.wow, television ratings just out:  million people watched the inauguration,  million more than the very good ratings from  years ago!watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! why didn't these people vote? celebs hurt cause badly.had a great meeting at cia headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. win!rt @whitehouse: "do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. no challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of america."…a fantastic day and evening in washington d.c.thank you to @foxnews and so many other news outlets for the great reviews of the speech!thank you for another wonderful evening in washington, d.c. together, we will make america great again🇺🇸 "to all americans🇺🇸so to all americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...it is time to remember that..."we will follow two simple rules: buy american &amp; hire american!#inaugurationday #maga🇺🇸"we will bring back our jobs. we will bring back our borders. we will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!the forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. from this moment on, it’s going to be #americafirst🇺🇸january th , will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.what truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.power from washington, d.c. and giving it back to you, the american people. #inaugurationdaytoday we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring...it all begins today! i will see you at : a.m. for the swearing-in. the movement continues - the work begins!thank you for a wonderful evening in washington, d.c. #inauguration thank you for joining us at the lincoln memorial tonight- a very special evening! together, we are going to make am… "join me at pm over at the lincoln memorial with my family!#inauguration great concert at : p.m. today at lincoln memorial. enjoy!on my way! #inauguration the american people. i have no doubt that we will, together, make america great again!getting ready to leave for washington, d.c. the journey begins and i will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.."it wasn't donald trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" stated today by reverend franklin graham.thank you to our amazing wounded warriors for their service. it was an honor to be with them tonight in d.c.… great seeing @theleegreenwood  and kimberly at this evenings vp dinner! #godblesstheusa looking forward to a speedy recovery for george and barbara bush, both hospitalized. thank you for your wonderful letter!writing my inaugural address at the winter white house, mar-a-lago, three weeks ago. looking forward to friday.… .@thealabamaband was great last night in d.c. playing for  diplomats and ambassadors from countries around the world. thanks alabama!no wonder the today show on biased @nbc is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. little credibility!"bayer ag has pledged to add u.s. jobs and investments after meeting with president-elect donald trump, the latest in a string..." @wsjto the u.s., but had nothing to do with trump, is more fake news. ask top ceo's of those companies for real facts. came back because of me!totally biased @nbcnews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from ford, g.m., lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - enjoy!rt @erictrump: thank you to @golfdigest for this incredible feature! "golfer-in-chief" @realdonaldtrump  rt @moskowitzeva: .@betsydevos has the talent, commitment, and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise…thank you to general motors and walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the u.s.!"how trump won--and how the media missed it" "thought it would be hypocritical to attend bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe bush is the true elected president." sound familiar! wpjohn lewis said about my inauguration, "it will be the first one that i've missed." wrong (or lie)! he boycotted bush  also because he...country and with the massive cost reductions i have negotiated on military purchases and more, i believe the people are seeing "big stuff."with all of the jobs i am bringing back into the u.s. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....the same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. they are rigged just like before.people are pouring into washington in record numbers. bikers for trump are on their way. it will be a great thursday, friday and saturday!"@drgoodspine: @realdonaldtrump @ivanka trump is great, a woman with real character and class."at : p.m. @cnn, of all places, is doing a special report on my daughter, ivanka. considering it is cnn, can't imagine it will be great!"@levisteveholt: @realdonaldtrump i appreciate your use of twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency." very dishonest media!celebrate martin luther king day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. honor him for being the great man that he was!much worse - just look at syria (red line), crimea, ukraine and the build-up of russian nukes. not good! was this the leaker of fake news?.@foxnews "outgoing cia chief, john brennan, blasts pres-elect trump on russia threat. does not fully understand." oh really, couldn't do....@nbcnews is bad but saturday night live is the worst of nbc. not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. really bad television!about that...those intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should apologize." media should also apologizethank you to bob woodward who said, "that is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...trump's right to be upset (angry)...for many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. it will change!!!!will only get higher. car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. win!the democrats are most angry that so many obama democrats voted for me. with all of the jobs i am bringing back to our nation, that number..inauguration day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. january th, washington d.c. have fun!congressman john lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the u.s. i can use all the help i can get!intelligence insiders now claim the trump dossier is "a complete fraud!"  @oannmention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. all talk, talk, talk - no action or results. sad!congressman john lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......a beautiful funeral today for a real nyc hero, detective steven mcdonald. our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.the "unaffordable" care act will soon be history!have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. they were very nice to her. she lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!what are hillary clinton's people complaining about with respect to the f.b.i. based on the information they had she should never.....released by "intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. my people will have a full report on hacking within  days!totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both democrats and republicans - fake news! russia says nothing exists. probably...it now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....all of my cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. i want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!congrats to the senate for taking the first step to #repealobamacare- now it's onto the house!.@cnn is in a total meltdown with their fake news because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!thank you to linda bean of l.l.bean for your great support and courage. people will support you even more now. buy l.l.bean. @lbperfectmainejames clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. made up, phony facts.too bad!"@zhu_amy: @realdonaldtrump it's morning in america again!!!  ☀️☀️☀️thank you president-elect donald trump!!! so proud of you!!!!" thanks!we had a great news conference at trump tower today. a couple of fake news organizations were there but the people truly get what's going onintelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. one last shot at me.are we living in nazi germany?i win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with fake news. a sorry state!russia has never tried to use leverage over me. i have nothing to do with russia - no deals, no loans, no nothing!russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "a complete and total fabrication, utter nonsense." very unfair!"'buzzfeed runs unverifiable trump-russia claims' #fakenews rt @michaelcohen: i have never been to prague in my life. #fakenews fake news - a total political witch hunt!"'trump helps lift small business confidence to -yr. high' 'small business optimism soars after trump election' "'u.s. small-business optimism index surges by most since '"thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities //! #lawenforcementappreciationday… an old picture with nancy and ronald reagan. ford said last week that it will expand in michigan and u.s. instead of building a billion dollar plant in mexico. thank you ford &amp; fiat c!it's finally happening - fiat chrysler just announced plans to invest $billion in michigan and ohio plants, adding  jobs. this after..."groveling" when he totally changed a  year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. just more very dishonest media!hillary flunky who lost big. for the th time, i never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......meryl streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the golden globes. she is a.....rupert murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!dishonest media says mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. media is fake!before i, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @nbcnews. so serious!rt @meetthepress: watch our interview with @kellyannepolls: russia "did not succeed" in attempts to sway election  #…kellyanne conway went to @meetthepress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. dishonest media cut out  of her  minutes. terrible!"@foxnews: "we certainly don’t want intelligence interfering with politics and we don’t want politics interfe… """@kellyannepolls: welcome to president and mrs. bush.   very nice!"i look very much forward to meeting prime minister theresa may in washington in the spring. britain, a longtime u.s. ally, is very special!congratulation to jane timken on her major upset victory in becoming the ohio republican party chair. jane is a loyal trump supporter &amp; starboth countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world!have enough problems around the world without yet another one. when i am president, russia will respect us far more than they do now and....having a good relationship with russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! we.....only reason the hacking of the poorly defended dnc is discussed is that the loss by the dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. voting machines not touched!gross negligence by the democratic national committee allowed hacking to take place.the republican national committee had strong defense!"happy birthday @erictrump!monitoring the terrible situation in florida. just spoke to governor scott. thoughts and prayers for all. stay safe!i am asking the chairs of the house and senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with nbc prior to me seeing it.anna wintour came to my office at trump tower to ask me to meet with the editors of conde nast &amp; steven newhouse, a friend. will go this am.being a movie star-and that was season  compared to season . now compare him to my season . but who cares, he supported kasich &amp; hillarywow, the ratings are in and arnold schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, djt. so much for....hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to make america great again, will go to d.c. on january th. it will be a great show!and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.they saw a movement like never beforehillary and the dems were never going to beat the passion of my voters. they saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......the dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the great wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by mexico later!so how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? what is going on?the democratic national committee would not allow the fbi to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by russia......how did nbc get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (obama) was presented?" who gave them this report and why? politics!toyota motor said will build a new plant in baja, mexico, to build corolla cars for u.s. no way! build plant in u.s. or pay big border tax.to make up their own minds as to the truth. the media lies to make it look like i am against "intelligence" when in fact i am a big fan!the dishonest media likes saying that i am in agreement with julian assange - wrong. i simply state what he states, it is for the people.......time for republicans &amp; democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; far better!...do the typical political thing and blame. the fact is obamacare was a lie from the beginning."keep you doctor, keep your plan!" it is....the democrats, lead by head clown chuck schumer, know how bad obamacare is and what a mess they are in. instead of working to fix it, they..jackie evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her inauguration performance.some people just don't understand the "movement"massive increases of obamacare will take place this year and dems are to blame for the mess. it will fall of its own weight - be careful!like the % hike in arizona. also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. don't let the schumer clowns out of this web...republicans must be careful in that the dems own the failed obamacare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to h). a total double standard! media, as usual, gave them a pass.somebody hacked the dnc but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the rnc has and why have they not responded to the terrible......thank you to ford for scrapping a new plant in mexico and creating  new jobs in the u.s. this is just the beginning - much more to follow"@foxnews: julian assange on u.s. media coverage: “it’s very dishonest.” #hannity  more dishonest than anyone knowsjulian assange said "a  year old could have hacked podesta" - why was dnc so careless? also said russians did not give him the info!the "intelligence" briefing on so-called "russian hacking" was delayed until friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. very strange!i will be having a general news conference on january eleventh in n.y.c. thank you."trump is already delivering the jobs he promised america" there should be no further releases from gitmo. these are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield."instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation."""@danscavino: ford to scrap mexico plant, invest in michigan due to trump policies""........may be, their number one act and priority. focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #dtswith all that congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the independent ethics watchdog, as unfair as itthe democrat governor.of minnesota said "the affordable care act (obamacare) is no longer affordable!" - and, it is lousy healthcare.people must remember that obamacare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - % increases (arizona). bill clinton called it "crazy"general motors is sending mexican made model of chevy cruze to u.s. car dealers-tax free across border. make in u.s.a.or pay big border tax!china has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the u.s. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with north korea. nice!north korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the u.s. it won't happen!i thought and felt i would win big, easily over the fabled  (). when they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did i.various media outlets and pundits say that i thought i was going to lose the election. wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....@cnn just released a book called "unprecedented" which explores the  race &amp; victory. hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!chicago murder rate is record setting - , shooting victims with  murders in . if mayor can't do it he must ask for federal help!well, the new year begins. we will, together, make america great again!rt @ivankatrump:  has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life. i wish you peace, joy, love and laughter. happy new…rt @donaldjtrumpjr: happy new year everyone. #newyear #family #vacation #familytime rt @erictrump:  was such an incredible year for our entire family! my beautiful wife @laraleatrump made it even better! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 rt @reince: happy new year + god's blessings to you all.  looking forward to incredible things in !  @realdonaldtrump will make america…"rt @danscavino: on behalf of our next #potus &amp; @teamtrump-#happynewyear america🇺🇸"to all americans-#happynewyear &amp; many blessings to you all! looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous  as we… "rt @realdonaldtrump: happy birthday @donaldjtrumpjr!"happy birthday @donaldjtrumpjr!happy new year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. love!russians are playing @cnn and @nbcnews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @foxnews totally gets it!join @american, founded by hall of fame legend @jimbrownnfl on // in washington, d.c.… great move on delay (by v. putin) - i always knew he was very smart!my administration will follow two simple rules: 'economists say trump delivered hope' not anymore. the beginning of the end was the horrible iran deal, and now this (u.n.)! stay strong israel, january th is fast approaching!we cannot continue to let israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. they used to have a great friend in the u.s., but.......doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks.thought it was going to be a smooth transition - not!the u.s. consumer confidence index for december surged nearly four points to ., the highest level in more than  years! thanks donald!president obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.the voters wanted to make america great again!the djt foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. % of money goes to wonderful charities!i gave millions of dollars to djt foundation, raised or recieved millions more, all of which is given to charity, and media won't report!the world was gloomy before i won - there was no hope. now the market is up nearly % and christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!the united nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. so sad!president obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. he should say that but i say no way! - jobs leaving, isis, ocare, etc.merry christmas and a very, very, very , very happy new year to everyone!#merrychristmas happy #hanukkah the big loss yesterday for israel in the united nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.too bad, but we will get it done anyway!.@nbcnews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  dishonest!vladimir putin said today about hillary and dems: "in my opinion, it is humiliating. one must be able to lose with dignity."  so true!slaughter you. this is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. such hatred! when will the u.s., and all countries, fight back?the terrorist who killed so many people in germany said just before crime, "by god's will we will slaughter you pigs, i swear, we will......as to the u.n., things will be different after jan. th.my presidency. isn't this a ridiculous shame? he loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. wrong answer!my wonderful son, eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...the so-called "a" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for hillary, nothing. i want the people!based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the lockheed martin f-, i have asked boeing to price-out a comparable f- super hornet!the united states must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukessomeone incorrectly stated that the phrase "drain the swamp" was no longer being used by me. actually, we will always be trying to dts.the resolution being considered at the united nations security council regarding israel should be vetoed....cont: i met some really great air force generals and navy admirals today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. very impressive people!i have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that i spent far less money on the win than hillary on the loss!i would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differentlycampaigning to win the electoral college is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. hillary focused on the wrong states!yes, it is true - carlos slim, the great businessman from mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. we met, he is a great guy!especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). they focused on wrong statesbill clinton stated that i called him after the election. wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). he "doesn't know much" ..."@mike_pence: congratulations to @realdonaldtrump; officially elected president of the united states today by the electoral college!""@franklin_graham: congratulations to president-elect @realdonaldtrump--the electoral votes are in and it's official." thank you franklin!rt @danscavino: #trumptrain🚂💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 we did it! thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).today there were terror attacks in turkey, switzerland and germany - and it is only getting worse. the civilized world must change thinking!if my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!we should tell china that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!thank you alabama! from now on, it’s going to be #americafirst. our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:… "rt @danscavino: join president-elect trump live from mobile, alabama via his #facebook page! #thankyoutour watch: china steals united states navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to china in unprecedented act.mobile, alabama today at : p.m. last rally of the year - "thank you alabama and the south" biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!"@eazymf_e: @realdonaldtrump many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #makeamericagreatagain"  thank you!last night in orlando, florida, was incredible - massive crowd - thank you florida! today at : p.m. i will be in alabama for last rally!thank you florida. my administration will follow two simple rules: buy american and hire american! #icymi- watch:… "#thankyoutour tonight- orlando, florida tickets: tomorrow- mobile, alabamatickets:… well, we all did it, together! i hope the "movement" fans will go to d.c. on jan th for the swearing in. let's set the all time record!are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the dnc illegally gave hillary the questions to the debate?thank you pennsylvania! together, we are going to make america great again! watch here:  "join me in mobile, alabama on sat. at pm! #thankyoutour tickets:  if russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the white house wait so long to act? why did they only complain after hillary lost?the media tries so hard to make my move to the white house, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!thank you to time magazine and financial times for naming me "person of the year" - a great honor!has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @vanityfair magazine. way down, big trouble, dead! graydon carter, no talent, will be out!.@billgates and @jimbrownnfl in my trump tower office yesterday- two great guys! thank you wisconsin! my administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! watch:… "rt @danscavino: join #peotus trump &amp; #vpeotus pence live in west allis, wisconsin! #thankyoutour #maga "join me this saturday at ladd–peebles stadium in mobile, alabama! #thankyoutour tickets:… the thing i like best about rex tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.wisconsin and pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. i actually picked up additional votes!i have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, rex tillerson, chairman and ceo of exxonmobil, to be secretary of state.i will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. busy times!presidency. two of my children, don and eric, plus executives, will manage them. no new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.even though i am not mandated by law to do so, i will be leaving my busineses before january th so that i can focus full time on the......i will be making my announcement on the next secretary of state tomorrow morning.the final wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional  votes. the dems and green party can now rest. scam!"#thankyoutour tue: west allis, wi. thur: hershey, pa. fri: orlando, fl. sat: mobile, al. tickets:… the f- program and cost is out of control. billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after january th.unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. why wasn't this brought up before election?can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and we tried to play the russia/cia card. it would be called conspiracy theory!just watched @nbcnightlynews - so biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. just can't get much worse, although @cnn is right up there!will be interviewed on @foxnews at : p.m. enjoy!whether i choose him or not for "state"- rex tillerson, the chairman &amp; ceo of exxonmobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. stay tuned!i spent friday campaigning with john kennedy, of the great state of louisiana, for the u.s.senate. the election is over - john won!being at the army - navy game was fantastic. there is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. a wonderful experience, and congrats to army!i will be interviewed today on fox news sunday with chris wallace at : (eastern) network. enjoy!"rt @foxnewssunday: sunday-- our exclusive interview with president-elect @realdonaldtrump watch on @foxnews at p/p et check your local…"october  - thanks chris wallace @foxnewssunday! rt @trumpinaugural: counting down the days until the swearing in of @realdonaldtrump &amp; @mike_pence. check in here for the latest updates. #…"a very interesting read. unfortunately, so much is true.reports by @cnn that i will be working on the apprentice during my presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - fake news!as a show of support for our armed forces, i will be going to the army-navy game today. looking forward to it, should be fun!i have nothing to do with the apprentice except for fact that i conceived it with mark b &amp; have a big stake in it. will devote zero time!.@rudygiuliani, one of the finest people i know and a former great mayor of n.y.c., just took himself out of consideration for "state"."thank you michigan. we are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together, we will make america great again!watch:… thank you louisiana! get out &amp; vote for john kennedy tomorrow. electing kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal… join me live in louisiana! tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls &amp; send john kennedy to the u.s. senate. "thank you iowa!#thankyoutour "join me tomorrow! #maga am- baton rouge, la. tickets: pm- grand rapids, mi.tickets: on my way to des moines, iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. join us! tickets:  #thankyoutourtoday we lost a great pioneer of air and space in john glenn. he was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. he will be missed.if united steelworkers  was any good, they would have kept those jobs in indiana. spend more time working-less time talking. reduce dueschuck jones, who is president of united steelworkers , has done a terrible job representing workers. no wonder companies flee country!"join me tomorrow in des moines, iowa with vice president-elect @mike_pence - at :pm!#thankyoutour #maga… "we pause today to remember the , american heroes who selflessly gave their lives at pearl harbor  years ago...i will be interviewed on the @todayshow at :. enjoy!a great night in fayetteville, north carolina. thank you! #icymi watch here:  departing new york with general james 'mad dog' mattis for tonight's rally in fayetteville, north carolina! see you… masa said he would never do this had we (trump) not won the election!masa (softbank) of japan has agreed to invest $ billion in the u.s. toward businesses and , new jobs...."join me tonight in fayetteville, north carolina at pm! #thankyoutour tickets:  boeing is building a brand new  air force one for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $ billion. cancel order!"#thankyoutour /- north carolina/- iowa/- michiga… if the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, i would have far less reason to "tweet." sadly, i don't know if that will ever happen!i am thrilled to nominate dr. @realbencarson as our next secretary of the us dept. of housing and urban development… their country (the u.s. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the south china sea?  i don't think so!did china ask us if it was ok to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into...@foxnews will be re-running "objectified: donald trump," the ratings hit produced by the great harvey levin of tmz, at : p.m. enjoy!the green party just dropped its recount suit in pennsylvania and is losing votes in wisconsin recount. just a stein scam to raise money!expensive mistake! the united states is open for businessthese companies are able to move between all  states, with no tax or tariff being charged. please be forewarned prior to making a very ...wanting to sell their product, cars, a.c. units etc., back across the border. this tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....without retribution or consequence, is wrong! there will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of % for these companies ......fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the u.s.  ......the u.s. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,just tried watching saturday night live - unwatchable! totally biased, not funny and the baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. sadour great vpe, @mike_pence, is in louisiana campaigning for john kennedy for us senate. john will be a tremendous help to us in washington.state treasurer john kennedy is my choice for us senator from louisiana. early voting today; election next saturday."@tigerwoods: can’t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. –tw #heroworldchallenge" great to have you back tiger - special!rexnord of indiana is moving to mexico and rather viciously firing all of its  workers. this is happening all over our country. no more!interesting how the u.s. sells taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but i should not accept a congratulatory call.the president of taiwan called me today to wish me congratulations on winning the presidency. thank you!thank you ohio! together, we made history – and now, the real work begins. america will start winning again!… "heading to u.s. bank arena in cincinnati, ohio for a pm rally. join me! tickets: getting ready to leave for the great state of indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of carrier a.c.my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the southeastern united states. stay safe!look forward to going to indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of carrier. they will sell many air conditioners!'donald trump is already helping the working class' rt @danscavino: great interview on @foxandfriends by @stevedoocy w/ carrier employee- who has a message for #peotus @realdonaldtrump &amp; #vpe…'president-elect donald j. trump today announced his intent to nominate steven mnuchin, wilbur ross &amp; todd ricketts… "join me in cincinnati, ohio tomorrow evening at :pm. i am grateful for all of your support. thank you!tickets:… hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. the presidency is a far more important task!do this under the law, i feel it is visually important, as president,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to make america great again! while i am not mandated to ....i will be holding a major news conference in new york city with my children on december  to discuss the fact that i will be leaving my ...isis is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at ohio state university by a somali refugee who should not have been in our country.big day on thursday for indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.we will keep our companies and jobs in the u.s. thanks carrieri will be going to indiana on thursday to make a major announcement concerning carrier a.c. staying in indianapolis. great deal for workers!"'president-elect donald j. trump nominates elaine chao as secretary of the department of transportation'"'president-elect donald j. trump intends to nominate congressman tom price and seema verma.' "rt @danscavino: back to cincinnati, ohio this thursday (//) at pm for #peotus @realdonaldtrump's #thankyoutour! join us!my thoughts and prayers are with the great people of tennessee during these terrible wildfires. stay safe!nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!i thought that @cnn would get better after they failed so badly in their support of hillary clinton however, since election, they are worse!the great state of michigan was just certified as a trump win giving all of our make america great again supporters another victory - !.@cnn is so embarrassed by their total  (%) support of hillary clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do."@sdcritic:  @highonhillcrest @jeffzeleny @cnn there is no question that #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #corrupthillary !""@fiiibuster: @jeffzeleny pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that donald trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! bad reporter."@joebowman: @jeffzeleny just another generic cnn part time wannabe journalist !"  @cnn still doesn't get it. they will never learn!"@highonhillcrest: @jeffzeleny what proof do u have donaldtrump did not suffer from millions of fraud votes? journalist? do your job! @cnn"just met with general petraeus--was very impressed!if cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the cuban people, the cuban/american people and the u.s. as a whole, i will terminate deal.serious voter fraud in virginia, new hampshire and california - so why isn't the media reporting on this? serious bias - big problem!states instead of the  states that i visited. i would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!it would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the electoral college in that i would only campaign in  or --in addition to winning the electoral college in a landslide, i won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegallytrump is going to be our president. we owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." so much time and money will be spent - same result! sadthis election. that is a direct threat to our democracy." she then said, "we have to accept the results and look to the future, donald --of position." then, separately she stated, "he said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --during a general election. i, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --and fair elections. we've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -hillary's debate answer on delay: "that is horrifying. that is not the way our democracy works. been around for  years. we've had free --hillary clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. nothing will changethe democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. not so anymore!the green party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized demsfidel castro is dead!i am working hard, even on thanksgiving, trying to get carrier a.c. company to stay in the u.s. (indiana). making progress - will know soon!happy thanksgiving to everyone. we will, together, make america great again!let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. happy th… bus crash in tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. condolences to all family members and loved ones. these beautiful children will be remembered!i am seriously considering dr. ben carson as the head of hud. i've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!the meeting with the @nytimes is back on at : today. look forward to it!"'jeff sessions, a fitting selection for attorney general'"'president-elect donald j. trump's cia director garners praise' great meetings will take place today at trump tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next  years.the failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a  year high. i can fully understand that - but why announce?perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. in the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!i cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. not nicemany people would like to see @nigel_farage represent great britain as their ambassador to the united states. he would do a great job!prior to the election it was well known that i have interests in properties all over the world.only the crooked media makes this a big deal!.@transition update and policy plans for the first  days. i have always had a good relationship with chuck schumer. he is far smarter than harry r and has the ability to get things done. good news!general james "mad dog" mattis, who is being considered for secretary of defense, was very impressive yesterday. a true general's general!i watched parts of @nbcsnl saturday night live last night. it is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. equal time for us?numerous patriots will be coming to bedminster today as i continue to fill out the various positions necessary to make america great again!the cast and producers of hamilton, which i hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to mike pence for their terrible behaviorthe theater must always be a safe and special place.the cast of hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, mike pence. apologize!our wonderful future v.p. mike pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of hamilton, cameras blazing.this should not happen!the only bad thing about winning the presidency is that i did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on trump u. too bad!i settled the trump university lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as president i have to focus on our country.will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to make america great again!i worked hard with bill ford to keep the lincoln plant in kentucky. i owed it to the great state of kentucky for their confidence in me!just got a call from my friend bill ford, chairman of ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the lincoln plant in kentucky - no mexicomy transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #magaaustralia, new zealand, and more. i am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.i have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. russia, u.k., china, saudi arabia, japan,the failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. it is going so smoothly. also, i have spoken to many foreign leaders.i am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. this was a typically false news story.very organized process taking place as i decide on cabinet and many other positions. i am the only one who knows who the finalists are!the electoral college is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. campaigning is much different!if the election were based on total popular vote i would have campaigned in  n.y. florida and california and won even bigger and more easilythe debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus our great supporters, gave us the win!i will be interviewed on @minutes tonight after the nfl game - : p.m. enjoy!the @nytimes states today that djt believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." how dishonest are they. i never said this!governor john kasich of the great, great, great state of ohio called to congratulate me on the win. the people of ohio were incredible!jeb bush, george w and george h.w. all called to express their best wishes on the win. very nice!mitt romney called to congratulate me on the win. very nice!the @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their bad coverage of me. i wonder if it will change - doubt it?wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "trump phenomena"this will prove to be a great time in the lives of all americans. we will unite and we will win, win, win!today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #thankavet busy day planned in new york. will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. we will all come together and be proud!just had a very open and successful presidential election. now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. very unfair!a fantastic day in d.c. met with president obama for first time. really good meeting, great chemistry. melania liked mrs. o a lot!happy st birthday to the u.s. marine corps! thank you for your service!! such a beautiful and important evening! the forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. we will all come together as never before"watching the returns at :pm. #electionnight #maga🇺🇸 rt @ivankatrump: such a surreal moment to vote for my father for president of the united states! make your voice heard and vote! #election…rt @erictrump: join my family in this incredible movement to #makeamericagreatagain!! now it is up to you! please #vote for america! rt @donaldjtrumpjr: final push! eric and i doing dozens of radio interviews. we can win this thing! get out and vote! #maga #electionday ht…"still time to #votetrump! #ivoted #electionnight don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is far from over! we are doing well but there is much time left. go florida!just out according to @cnn: "utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"i will be watching the election results from trump tower in manhattan with my family and friends. very exciting!#electionday  we need your vote. go to the polls! let's continue this movement! find your poll location:  vote today! go to  to find your polling location. we are going to make america great again!… today we make america great again!today we are going to win the great state of michigan and we are going to win back the white house! thank you mi!… "rt @donaldjtrumpjr: thanks new hampshire!!! #nh #newhampshire #maga rt @detroitnews: .@ivankatrump in michigan: ‘this is your movement’   @realdonaldtrump "unbelievable evening in new hampshire - thank you! flying to grand rapids, michigan now. watch nh rally here:… big news to share in new hampshire tonight! polls looking great! see you soon.today in florida, i pledged to stand with the people of cuba and venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: thank you pennsylvania! going to new hampshire now and on to michigan. watch pa rally here:  live on #periscope: join me for a few minutes in pennsylvania. get out &amp; vote tomorrow. lets #maga!! hey missouri let's defeat crooked hillary &amp; @kostermissouri! koster supports obamacare &amp; amnesty! vote outsider navy seal @ericgreitens!"'america must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'"'what i like about trump ... and why you need to vote for him''why trump' "i love you north carolina- thank you for your amazing support! get out and  tomorrow!watch:… on my way! just landed in north carolina- heading to the j.s. dorton arena. see you all soon! lets #makeamericagreatagain! "starting tomorrow it's going to be #americafirst! thank you for a great morning sarasota, florida!watch here:… thank you for you support virginia! in one day - get out and #votetrumppence! #icymi:  thank you pennsylvania- i am forever grateful for your amazing support. lets make america great again! #maga… thank you michigan! this is a movement that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #draintheswamp! watch… our american comeback story begins //. together, we will make america safe &amp; great again for everyone! watch:… "thank you minnesota! it is time to #draintheswamp &amp; #maga! #icymi- watch:  "monday - //scranton, pennsylvania at :pm.grand rapids, michigan at pm.… "thank you iowa - get out &amp; #votetrumppence!  rt @ivankatrump: thank you new hampshire! 🇺🇸 van jones: ‘there is a crack in the blue wall’ — it has to do with trade: "great night in denver, colorado- thank you! together, we will make america great again! #icymi watch rally here:… "rt @danscavino: join @realdonaldtrump live in denver, colorado via his #facebook page- we are here!!#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸  "thank you reno, nevada. nothing will stop us in our quest to make america safe and great again! #americafirst… "join me live in reno, nevada! "join me tomorrow!minnesota • pmmichigan • pmvirginia • :p… "#draintheswamp!top clinton aides bemoan campaign ‘all tactics,’ no vision: "‘must act immediately’: clinton charity lawyer told execs they were breaking the lawwatch coach mike ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at pme on #wattersworld with @jessebwatters @foxnews.thank you wilmington, north carolina. we are  days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life!… thank you for the incredible support this morning tampa, florida! #icymi- watch here:  "join me in denver, colorado tonight at :pm: new- scranton, pennsylvania monday @ :pm: make america great again!"thank you hershey, pennsylvania. get out &amp; vote on november th &amp; we will #maga! #rallyforriley #icymi, watch here… "join me in denver, colorado tomorrow at :pm!tickets: "join me live in hershey, pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain live:  the only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you. the only force strong enough to save our country is us.… thank you ohio! vote so we can replace obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the united states! watch:… "join me live in wilmington, ohio!if obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect hillary, we would all be much better off!'ice officers warn hillary immigration plan will unleash gangs, cartels &amp; drug violence nationwide'… thank you nh! we will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&amp;save american lives! watc… "clinton aides: ‘definitely’ not releasing some hrc emails:rt @teamtrump: mrs. saucier's son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device. @hillaryclinton did far worse &amp; is runnin…"""the clinton campaign at obama justice"" #draintheswamp"join me today in wilmington, ohio at pm: tomorrow- tampa, florida at am: "there is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! thank you selma, north carolina!#icymi, watch here… rt @paulareidcbs: .@cbsnews confirms fbi found emails on #anthonyweiner computer, related to hillary clinton server, that are "new" &amp; not p…join me in wilmington, ohio tomorrow at :pm! it is time to #draintheswamp! tickets:  #crookedhillary is unfit to serve. thank you concord, north carolina! when we win on november th, we are going to washington, d.c. and we are going t… watching my beautiful wife, melania, speak about our love of country and family. we will make you all very proud.… looking at air force one @ mia. why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing obamacare? get back to work for the american people!obamacare is a total disaster. hillary clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. doesn't work, i will repeal and replace!my wife, melania, will be speaking in pennsylvania this afternoon. so exciting, big crowds! i will be watching from north carolina."thank you arlene! we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #draintheswamp rt @t_lineberger: thanks @ivankatrump for coming to help win michigan! more people here than a hillary rally with less than  hours notice…#makeamericagreatagain #days thank you orlando, florida! we are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch… after decades of lies and scandal, crooked hillary's corruption is closing in. #draintheswamp! "clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters clinton planned to betray labor on tpp post-election: """it pays to have friends in high places- like the justice department. clearly the clintons do."" #draintheswamp! thank you miami! in  days, we are going to win the great state of florida - and we are going to win back the white… praying for the families of the two iowa police who were ambushed this morning. an attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all."@pynance: evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor @cissieglynch @saysgabrielle "@ravenrantz: #billygraham's grand daughter #supportstrump   so nice, thank you cissy graham lynch!!!!crooked hillary clinton deleted , e-mails after they were subpoenaed by the united states congress. guilty - cannot run. rigged system!i am going to repeal and replace obamacare. we will have much less expensive and much better healthcare. with hillary, costs will triple!you can change your vote in six states. so, now that you see that hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to make america great again!"join me in florida tomorrow!miami•pmorlando•pmpensacola•p… thank you for your incredible support wisconsin and governor @scottwalker! it is time to #draintheswamp &amp; #maga!… rt @danscavino: join @realdonaldtrump live in wisconsin with gov. @scottwalker, @mayorrgiuliani, @reince &amp; coach bobby knight! live: "wikileaks emails reveal podesta urging clinton camp to 'dump' emails. time to #draintheswamp!'podesta urged clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' "mika brzezinski: dem criticism of comey reinforcing idea ‘there’s something there' hillary advisers wanted her to avoid supporting israel when talking to democrats: trump promises special session to repeal obamacare: 'kept me out of jail': top doj official involved in clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: .@darrellissa is a very good man. help him win his congressional seat in california.#icymi: governor @mike_pence and i were in valley forge, pennsylvania today. you can watch it here:… so terrible that crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from donna brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!"join me tomorrow in florida!miami•pmorlando•pmpensacola•p… crooked hillary should not be allowed to run for president. she deleted , e-mails after getting a subpoena from u.s. congress. rigged!wow, now leading in @abc /@washingtonpost poll  to . gone up  points in two weeks, mostly before the crooked hillary blow-up!look at the way crooked hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. she is unfit to be president. bad judgement!"wow! i hear you warren, michigan. streaming live - join us america. it is time to drain the swamp!watch: #obamacarefail #hillarycarefail thank you grand rapids, michigan! #icymi- watch:  $ million+ raised online in just one week! record week. #draintheswamp today we set a bigger record. contribute &gt;legendary basketball coach bobby knight who has + wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing… "'hillary's two official favors to morocco resulted in $ million for clinton foundation' #draintheswamp"join me tomorrow in michigan!grand rapids at pm:warren at pm: "beautiful rally in albuquerque, new mexico this evening - thank you. get out &amp; vote! #draintheswampwatch rally:… "@slh: i follow mr.trump at all of his rallies by watching them on  he is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hopethank you greeley, co! real change means restoring honesty to the govt. our plan will end govt. corruption! watch:… thank you las vegas, nevada- i love you! departing for greeley, colorado now. get out &amp; vote! #icymi- watch here:… "see you tomorrow michigan!grand rapids, mi tomorrow at noon:warren, mi tomorrow at pm:… wow, twitter, google and facebook are burying the fbi criminal investigation of clinton. very dishonest media!hillary and the dems loved and praised fbi director comey just a few days ago. original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!we are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on friday - great in states!"great day in colorado &amp; arizona. will be in nevada, colorado and new mexico tomorrow - join me!tickets:… thank you phoenix, arizona! time for new powerful leadership. just imagine what we can accomplish in our first … so nice - great americans outside trump tower right now. thank you! "departing golden, co. for arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. watch here: overflow: #obamacarefail "tomorrow!las vegas, nv- a: greeley, co- p: albuquerque, nm- p: "@deplorablecbtp: "in my mind, #donaldtrump is the only way out of this mess." - #philrobertson of tv's #duckdynasty"   thank you phil!i am in colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!"join me in colorado at pm tomorrow - or arizona at pm!tickets:golden: phoenix:… thank you maine, new hampshire and iowa. the waiting is over! the time for change is now! we are going to… "@piersmorgan: bombshell: fbi reopening its investigation into hillaryclinton's email server after new discovery!just landed in iowa - speaking soon!we must not let #crookedhillary take her criminal scheme into the oval office. #draintheswamp just out: neera tanden, hillary clinton adviser said, “israel is depressing.” i think israel is inspiring!rt @drudge_report: wsj:  the cold clinton reality... heading to new hampshire. will be talking about the disaster known as obamacare!if my people said the things about me that podesta &amp; hillary's people said about her, i would fire them out of self respect. "bad instincts""join me tonight in cedar rapids, iowa at pm: phoenix, arizona tomorrow night at pm: "@jmoschetti: @johnatsrs fbi must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, fbi, or (dallas)police"rt @drudge_report: wsj:  grifters-in-chief...  "thank you geneva, ohio. if i am elected president, i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our countr… join @teamtrump on facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from geneva, ohio- our rd rally of the day. #americafirst #maga crooked hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #draintheswamp… "@keithrowland: people in arizona just got a taste of obamacare with a % increase in premiums. @realdonaldtrump" repeal and replace!i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at : p.m. enjoy!i delivered a speech in charlotte, north carolina yesterday. i appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. lets #maga… "join me live in toledo, ohio. time to #draintheswamp &amp; #maga!"join me in cedar rapids, iowa tomorrow at :pm! #maga #icymi: i agree- to all americans, i see you &amp; i hear you. i am your voice. vote to #draintheswamp with me on /.… "thank you springfield, ohio. get out and #votetrumppence!#icymi - watch here:  "join me live in springfield, ohio!"inside ‘bill clinton inc.’: hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #draintheswamp!"join me! #magatoday:springfield, oh toledo, oh geneva, oh friday:manchester, nh lisbon, me cedar rapids, iai agree, @mmflint- to all americans, i see you &amp; i hear you. i am your voice. vote to #draintheswamp w/ me on /. """clinton foundation’s fundraisers pressed donors to steer business to former president"""ron fournier: ""clinton used secret server to protect #circleofenrichment”"'wikileaks drip-drop releases prove one thing: there's no nov.  deadline on clinton's dishonesty and scandals'a lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in texas. people are not happy. big lines. what is going on?obamacare is a disaster. we must repeal &amp; replace. tired of the lies, and want to #draintheswamp? get out &amp; vote… rt @erictrump: tune into @gma right now to catch a great interview with my father &amp; the entire family! 🇺🇸 #votetrumppence beautiful evening in kinston, north carolina - thank you! get out and vote!! you can watch tonight's rally here:… thank you charlotte, north carolina. great afternoon! #icymi - i delivered a speech on urban renewal. full speech:… hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by usss.) turned out to be a total lie. she is not fit to… "join me in ohio tomorrow!springfield-pm:toledo-pm:geneva-pm… repeal and replace obamacare!"thank you tallahassee, florida! a beautiful evening with the movement! get out &amp; vote!#icymi- watch here: thank you sanford, florida. get out &amp; vote #trumppence! #icymi- watch this afternoons rally here:… "repeal and replace!!! #obamacareinthreewords"i have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ the remembrance project. i will fight for them everyday!… "get your ballots in colorado - i will see you soon -- and we will win!#makeamericagreatagain "'obama warned of rigged elections in .' time to #draintheswamp "obamacare is a disaster. rates going through the sky - ready to explode. i will fix it. hillary can't!#obamacarefailed"truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the bay of pigs veterans association. #maga… "obamacare is a disaster - as i've been saying from the beginning. time to repeal &amp; replace! #obamacarefail #obamacarefail "obamacare is a disaster! time to repeal &amp; replace! #obamacarefail #obamacarefail #obamacarefail get out and vote! i am your voice and i will fight for you! we will make america great again! "key obamacare premiums to jump % next year:#obamacare premiums are about to skyrocket --- again. crooked h will only make it worse. we will repeal &amp; replace! "as election looms, some bad news for clinton, democrats:record crowd in tampa, florida- thank you! we will win florida, #draintheswamp in washington d.c. and make america… thank you bobby bowden for the intro tonight and your support! i hope i can do as well for florida as you have done! my contract with the american voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; change to washington! #draintheswamp "peter navarro: 'trump the bull vs. clinton the bear' #draintheswamp "'democratic operative caught on camera: hillary personally ordered 'donald duck' troll campaign that broke the law'"join me tomorrow in sanford or tallahassee, florida!sanford at pm:tallahassee at pm:thank you st. augustine, florida! get out and vote! join the movement - and lets #draintheswamp! off to tampa now!… join me live on my facebook page in st. augustine, florida! lets #draintheswamp &amp; make america great again!… honored to receive an endorsement from @sjsopio - thank you! together, we are going to make america safe &amp; great ag… 'hillary clinton had gun control supporters planted in town hall audience' leaving west palm beach, florida now - heading to st. augustine for a pm rally. will be in tampa at pm - join me:… "'the clinton foundation’s most questionable foreign donations'#paytoplay #draintheswamp"departing farmers round table in boynton beach, florida. get out &amp; vote- lets #maga! early voting by fl. county:… "get out to vote on //- and we will #draintheswamp!rasmussen national trump %clinton % we are winning and the press is refusing to report it. don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #draintheswamp on november th!why has nobody asked kaine about the horrible views emanated on wikileaks about catholics? media in the tank for clinton but trump will win!major story that the dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the trump . we are going to win!wow, just came out on secret tape that crooked hillary wants to take in as many syrians as possible. we cannot let this happen - isis!'clinton ally aided campaign of fbi official’s wife' "'clinton charity got up to $ million from nations that are anti-women, gays' #crookedhillary"thank you naples, florida! get out and vote #trumppence on /. lets #makeamericagreatagain! full naples rally… the attack on mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. we gave them months of notice. u.s. is looking so dumb. vote trump and win again!#crookedhillary #paytoplay join me in naples, florida this evening at :pm! tickets:  remember - get out on november th &amp; vote #trumppence. it is time to #draintheswamp -- this is our last chance! "former prosecutor: the clintons are so corrupt, everything ‘they touch turns to molten lead’ "thank you las vegas review journal! editorial: 'donald trump for president'  via @reviewjournal"well, iran has done it again. taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. this doesn't happen if i'm president!"if you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the white house" a statement made by mrs. obama about crooked hillary clinton"thank you for the massive turnout tonight- cleveland, ohio! get out &amp; vote #trumppence on /.watch rally here:… "wikileaks: 'clinton-kaine even lied about timing of veep pick'"'trump lays out policies for first  days in white house'"'huma abedin told clinton her secret email account caused problems'just arrived in cleveland, ohio- join governor @mike_pence and i now, live via: "hillary clinton: 'architect of failure'#draintheswamp #crookedhillaryunbelievable crowd of supporters in virginia beach, virginia. thank you! next stop - cleveland, ohio.… in order to #draintheswamp &amp; create a new government of, by, &amp; for the people, i need your vote! go to  let's #maga!today i introduced my contract with the american voter - our economy will be strong &amp; our people will be safe.… change has to come from outside our very broken system. #maga "crooked hillary clinton tops middle east forum’s ‘islamist money list'thank you gettysburg, pennsylvania! #draintheswamp landing in pennsylvania now. great new poll this morning, thank you. lets #draintheswamp and #makeamericagreatagain… "will be in cleveland, ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us: naples, florida-tomorrow @ pm: "@aztrumptrain: i #voted for donaldtrump! #arizona ☉ #economy #immigration #jobs #veterans #bordercontrol #trade… "@jensenlaw: best way to pay hillary back for what she did to @berniesanders #dncleak is a donaldtrump landslide the media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!just returned from pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. amazing crowd. will be going back tomorrow, to gettysburg!"governor @mike_pence and i will be in cleveland, ohio tomorrow night at pm - join us! #magatickets:… thank you to the great crowd of supporters in newtown, pennsylvania. get out &amp; vote on //. lets #maga! watch:… #crookedhillary sending u.s. intelligence info. to podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an opsec violation’ "wikileaks reveals clinton camp’s work with ‘very friendly and malleable reporters’ #draintheswamp #crookedhillarydonna brazile shreds obama economy - acting dnc chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' """{crooked hillary clinton} created this mess, and she knows it."" #draintheswamp  "'clinton campaign and harry reid worked with new york times to smear state dept watchdog'time to #draintheswamp! "very ironic: ""in  video, clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’"" great crowd in johnstown, pennsylvania- thank you. get out &amp; vote on /! watch the movement in pa. this afternoon… "a top clinton foundation official said he could name “ different examples” of conflicts of interest. #crookedhillary “was at center of negotiating $m commitment from king mohammed vi of morocco” to clinton fdn. great crowd in fletcher, north carolina- thank you! heading to johnstown, pennsylvania now! get out on november th… the results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, i won! thank you, these are very exciting times."huma calls it a ""mess,"" the rest of us call it corrupt! wikileaks catches crooked in the act - again.#draintheswamp "hillary &amp; obama's broken promises. #repealobamacare in addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #obamacare are seeing massive premium incr… rt @erictrump: on behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! let's #makeamericagreatagain #earlyvote rt @teamtrump: when obama took office in  employer-provided premiums cost $,. today they are $,. thanks, obama.crooked hillary promised k jobs in ny and failed. we'll create m jobs when i'm president, and i will deliver! crooked took millions from oppressive me countries. will she give the $$$ back? probably not. don't forget her slog… "'trump won the third debate'"upcoming rallies - join me!tomorrowfletcher, nc @ pm. saturdaycleveland, oh @ pm. "#icymi - ohio rally!watch here:  "want access to crooked hillary? don't forget - it's going to cost you!#draintheswamp #paytoplay thank you delaware county, ohio! remember- either we win this election, or we are going to lose this country!… if elected potus - i will stop radical islamic terrorism in this country! in order to do this, we need to… why didn't hillary clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! crooked hillary."thank you america! #magarasmussen national polldonald trump %hillary clinton % just landed in ohio. thank you america- i am honored to win the final debate for our movement. it is time to… "totally dishonest donna brazile chokes on the truth. highly illegal! watch:  "the washington times presidential debate poll:trump % (,)clinton % (,)#draintheswamp #debate "join the movement to #maga! great poll - thank you america! once we #draintheswamp, together we will #maga🇺🇸#debate that was really exciting. made all of my points. make america great again!"join my team over on my facebook page- live now! #debates the era of division is coming to an end. we will create a new future of #americanunity. first, we need to… we cannot take four more years of barack obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for hillary. #bigleaguetruthi started this campaign to make america great again. that’s what i’m going to do. #maga #debate"hillary's health care policies#draintheswamp #debate rt @teamtrump: .@realdonaldtrump is going to cut taxes big league -- crooked is going to raise taxes big league! #draintheswamp #debate htt…we have to repeal &amp; replace #obamacare! look at what is doing to people! #draintheswamp isis has infiltrated countries all over europe by posing as refugees, and @hillaryclinton will allow it to happen h… "the economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.#bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp together we can save american jobs, american lives, and american futures! #debates usa has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. we need change! #bigleaguetruth #debate"i will defeat isis. they have been around too long! what has our leadership been doing?#draintheswamp "rt @teamtrump: what they are saying about @realdonaldtrump's great debate and @hillaryclinton's bad performance htt…"after crooked @hillaryclinton allowed isis to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? laughable! here's my plan: "rt @teamtrump: ""her instincts are suboptimal.""i opposed going into iraq. hillary voted for it. as with everything else she's supported, it was a disaster. #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp bernie sanders on hrc: bad judgement. john podesta on hrc: bad instincts. #bigleaguetruth #debate"hillary failed all over the world. #bigleaguetruth  ❌libya❌syria❌iran❌iraq❌asia pivot❌russian reset❌benghazi… hillary says "take back mosul?" we would have never lost mosul- if it wasn't for #crookedhillary. #draintheswamp rt @teamtrump: live fact-check: trump's right. the clinton foundation has taken millions from the middle east. #draintheswamp you should give the money back @hillaryclinton! #draintheswamp crooked’s top aides were mired in massive conflicts of interests at the state dept. we must #draintheswamp  #debatecrooked @hillaryclinton's foundation is a criminal enterprise. time to #draintheswamp!   #bigleaguetruth #debatemoderator: “respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #debate #bigleaguetruth.@hillaryclinton loves to lie. america has had enough of the clinton's! it is time to #draintheswamp! debates she'll say anything and change nothing! #maga #bigleaguetruth i will do more in the first  days in office than hillary has done in the last  years! #debate  #bigleaguetruth crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. these incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in benghazi! #crookedhillary is nothing more than a wall street puppet! #bigleaguetruth #debate "brought to you by @hillaryclinton &amp; her campaign- in chicago, illinois. #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp rt @teamtrump: .@realdonaldtrump will do more in the first  days in office than hillary has done in the last  years! #debate #bigleague…our country is stagnant. we’ve lost jobs and business. we don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill hillary’s husband signed and she blessedcrooked hillary has never created a job in her life. we will create  million jobs. think she can do that? not a c… .@hillaryclinton has been doing this for thirty years....where has she been? #bigleaguetruth#crookedhillary gives obama an “a” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since wwii... #bigleaguetruth… "the choice is clear!#bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp rt @teamtrump: #crookedhillary's plan will add $. trillion in new taxes. we cannot afford her! #draintheswamp #debate i will renegotiate nafta. if i can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. we’re going to get this economy running again. #debatethis is what we can expect from #crookedhillary. more taxes. more spending. #bigleagetruth #draintheswamp #debates #bigleaguetruth .@hillaryclinton's tax hikes will crush our economy. i will cut taxes -- big league.  ".@hillaryclinton talking about jobs? remember what she promised upstate new york. #bigleaguetruth#debates .@hillaryclinton has been a foreign policy disaster for the american people. i will #makeamericastrongagain #debate… moderator: hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #debate #bigleaguetruth".@hillaryclinton- you have failed, failed, and failed. #bigleaguetruthtime to #draintheswamp! hillary has called for % more syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical islamic terrorists.” #debate… "hey @potus - we agree!#bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp moderator: hillary paid $, by a brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” that’s a quote! #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: .@realdonaldtrump wants a safe america w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an end to sanctuary cities. he is #americafirst!…"trump &amp; clinton on immigration#debate #bigleaguetruth hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.she supported nafta, worst deal in us history. #debateplain &amp; simple: we should only admit into this country those who share our values and respect our people. one of my first acts as president will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #debate #magahillary clinton will use american tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. i will put… drugs are pouring into this country. if we have no border, we have no country. that’s why ice endorsed me. #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: .@realdonaldtrump is pro-life, pro-family #bigleaguetruth #debates "#secondamendment #a#debates it is so imperative that we have the right justices. #draintheswamp #debates #bigleaguetruth .@hillaryclinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. a will not survive a hillary presidency. #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: .@realdonaldtrump will protect and defend the constitution #debate #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp the nd amendment is under siege. we need scotus judges who will uphold the us constitution. #debate #bigleaguetruthhillary clinton wants to create the most liberal supreme court in history #debate #draintheswamp ready to lead. ready to make america great again. #debate #magathis is an incredible movement- we are going to take our country back! #novemberth #bigleaguetruth #debate tune in at  and get the word out #bigleaguetruth #debate help us spread the truth, stop the… "i will be handing over my twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#makeamericagreatagain""unbelievable!clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited white house  times: "'over , to lose health insurance in battleground north carolina due to #obamacare'"join my team tonight at :pme! i will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government!… i am going to expand the definition of lobbyist - so we close all the loopholes! #draintheswamp obamacare premiums increasing % in pennsylvania - a complete disaster. it must be repealed and replaced!… "'hillary clinton deleted emails with her email server technician'"join me in delaware, ohio tomorrow at :pm! #draintheswamp tickets:  "'top hillary adviser mocked, plotted attacks on pro-sanders civil rights leader' #draintheswamp "'dem operative who oversaw trump rally agitators visited white house  times' #draintheswamp 'state works hard, and illegally, for clinton' #draintheswamp "'scandals surround clinton's gatekeeper at state'#draintheswamp "the state department's 'shadow government' #draintheswamp more anti-catholic emails from team clinton:  "it is time to #draintheswamp!‘food groups’ – emails show clinton campaign organized potential vps by race and gender: "#draintheswamp time to #draintheswamp in washington, d.c. and vote #trumppence on //. together, we will make america safe… hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the united states. #draintheswamp "'clinton campaign tried to limit damage from classified info on email server' #draintheswamp "'trump rally disrupter was once on clinton's payroll'rt @teamtrump: it is time to #draintheswamp in washington, d.c! vote nov. th to take down the #rigged system! thank you colorado springs. if i’m elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our count… fl, ks, me, md, mn, nj, or &amp; wv! it's the last day to mail in voter reg forms. get the forms at… rt @erictrump: nevada: a quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!  hillary’s aides urged her to take foreign lobbyist donation and deal with attacks: if we let crooked run the govt, history will remember  as the year america lost its independence. #draintheswamp pay-to-play. collusion. cover-ups. and now bribery? so crooked. i will #draintheswamp. i will make our government honest again -- believe me. but first, i'm going to have to #draintheswamp in dc. "@therealmogul: % of american voters believe the  election could be "stolen" from donaldtrump due to widespread voter fraud. - politico"great night in wi. i’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the peo… "donald j. trump ethics reform plan for washington d.c."exclusive: fbi agents say comey ‘stood in the way’ of clinton email investigation:get rich quick! crooked hillary clinton's pay to play guide: yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: my wife, melania, will be interviewed tonight at :pm by anderson cooper on @cnn. i have no doubt she will do very well. enjoy!i will sign the first bill to repeal #obamacare and give americans many choices and much lower rates!trump virginia office announces statewide tv ad strategy and leadership team:  "join me in colorado springs, colorado tomorrow at :pm! #maga tickets: crooked hillary colluded w/fbi and doj and media is covering up to protect her. it's a #riggedsystem! our country d… new polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught"""journalists shower hillary clinton with campaign cash"" "state department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in clinton email scandal" rt @teamtrump: our thoughts are with the forces fighting isis in iraq. we must never back down against this extreme radical islamic terrori…wow, new polls just came out from @cnn   great numbers, especially after total media hit job. leading ohio  - ."rt @teamtrump: corruption confirmed: fbi confirms state dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emailsvoter fraud! crooked hillary clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. can you imagine if i got the questions?unbelievable. "rt @teamtrump: 🚨breaking🚨: ""state department's kennedy pressured fbi to unclassify clinton emails: fbi documents""wikileaks proves even the clinton campaign knew crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? rigged! we have all got to come together and win this election. we can't have four more years of obama (or worse!).of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. why do republican leaders deny what is going on? so naive!"@rosiegray: peter thiel chooses now to give $.mil in support of trump "@prisonplanet: trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as april! this is all yet another hoax.  terrible"@marksimoneny: watch joe biden's long history of grabbing, kissing and groping women who are cringing: can't believe these totally phoney stories, % made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!all safe in orange county, north carolina. with you all the way, will never forget. now we have to win. proud of you all!  @ncgopanimals representing hillary clinton and dems in north carolina just firebombed our office in orange county because we are winning @ncgopwow, interview released by wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in crooked hillary e-mail probe.such a dishonest person - &amp; paul ryan does zilch!finally, in the new abc news/washington post poll, hillary clinton is down  points with women voters and the election is close at -!paul ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.the democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked hillary clinton. we have paul ryan, always fighting the republican nominee!"join me in wisconsin tomorrow or colorado on tuesday!green bay- pmcolorado springs- pm… "“the vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..."" -- even senior fbi officials thought crooked was guilty. the election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing crooked hillary - but also at many polling places - sadwe've all wondered how hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. wikileaks may have found the answer. obama! hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. who would trust these people with national security? a country that crooked hillary says has funded isis also gave wild bill $ million for his birthday? so corrupt! they let crooked &amp; the gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. unbelievable! election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!polls close, but can you believe i lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events that never happened. media rigging election!watched saturday night live hit job on me.time to retire the boring and unfunny show. alec baldwin portrayal stinks. media rigging election!"@davidshiloach: @realdonaldtrump go mr. trump! israel is behind you!"thank you for sharing amy. a great day in new hampshire and maine. fantastic crowds and energy! #magathank you bangor, maine! get out &amp; #votetrumppence on //- and together we will make america safe and great a… the failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!nothing ever happened with any of these women. totally made up nonsense to steal the election. nobody has more respect for women than me!the movement in portsmouth, new hampshire w/ k supporters. thank you! this is the biggest election of our lifetime… landing in new hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.the truth is a beautiful weapon. rt @danscavino: mr. trump removing the broken teleprompter in north carolina-in front of a massive crowd. he goes on&amp;delivers the best spee…hillary clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election"will be in bangor, maine today at pm- join me! #magatickets:  this election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect crooked hillary!% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the clinton campaign, may poison the minds of the american voter. fix!"thank you @trumpwomenstour!#makeamericagreatagain thank you charlotte, north carolina! we are going to have an amazing victory on november th...because this is all… make sure you're registered to vote! let's #makeamericagreatagain! we can't afford more years of failure! all info:… "thank you for your support greensboro, north carolina. next stop - charlotte! #maga "what they are saying about the clinton campaign’s anti-catholic bigotry: thank you to our u.s. navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace &amp; war. together, we will make america… "join me live in cincinnati, ohio!#trumprally #maga"join me in greensboro, north carolina tomorrow at :pm! #trumprally rt @teamtrump: "this is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not we the people reclaim control ov…dem gov. of mn. just announced that the affordable care act (obamacare) is no longer affordable. i've been saying this for years- disaster!"great event in columbus- taking off for cincinnati now. great new ohio poll out- thank you!ohio nbc/wsj/marist polltrump % clinton %"just left a great rally in florida - now heading to ohio for two more. will be there soon.i am making a major speech in west palm beach, florida at noon. tune in!thank you! #maga #americafirst "join me in ohio &amp; maine!cincinnati, ohio- tonight @ :pm: bangor, maine - saturday @ pm… the phony story in the failing @nytimes is a total fabrication. written by same people as last discredited story on women. watch!why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in people magazine mention the "incident" in her story. because it did not happen!"i will be in cincinnati, ohio tomorrow night at :pm- join me! #ohiovotesearly #votetrumppence tickets:… the movement in lakeland, florida. voter registration extended to /. register asap @  &amp;… the people of cuba have struggled too long. will reverse obama's executive orders and concessions towards cuba until freedoms are restored."pay to play politics. #crookedhillary very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by wikileaks. so dishonest! rigged system!crooked hillary clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for  years - why didn't she do them?thank you florida- a movement that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. lets get out &amp;… "join me thursday in florida &amp; ohio!west palm beach, fl at noon:cincinnati, oh this :pm:wow, @cnn town hall questions were given to crooked hillary clinton in advance of big debates against bernie sanders. hillary &amp; cnn fraud!thank you texas! if you haven't registered to vote- today is your last day. go to:  &amp; get ou… voter registration deadlines today. you can register now at:  and get out to… don't let her fool us again. crooked's state dept gave special attention to "friends of bill" after the haiti earthquake. unbelievable! "rt @donaldjtrumpjr:  states have voter registration deadlines today: fl, oh, pa, mi, ga, tx, nm, in, la, tn, ar, ky, sc.register: i hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of hillary clinton as exposed by wikileaks. she is unfit to run.in texas now, leaving soon for big rally in florida!the very foul mouthed sen. john mccain begged for my support during his  primary (i gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!wow. unbelievable. disloyal r's are far more difficult than crooked hillary. they come at you from all sides. they don’t know how to win - i will teach them!with the exception of cheating bernie out of the nom the dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the republicans!it is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and i can now fight for america the way i want to."rt @erictrump:  states have voter registration deadlines today: fl, oh, pa, mi, ga, tx, nm, in, la, tn, ar, ky, sc.register: our very weak and ineffective leader, paul ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when paul ryan and others give zero support!thank you pennsylvania. this is a movement like we have never seen before! #votetrumppence on //- together,… is this really america? terrible! wow, @cnn got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make crooked hillary look better. really pathetic and totally dishonest!"debate polls look great - thank you!#maga #americafirst cnn is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. paul ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting republican nomineethank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. very exciting!"thank you st. louis, missouri!#makeamericagreatagain   rt @mike_pence: congrats to my running mate @realdonaldtrump on a big debate win! proud to stand with you as we #maga.rt @teamtrump: rt if you agree @realdonaldtrump won the #debate- big league! #maga rt @donaldjtrumpjr: someone please fact check her coal comments. give me a break. #debatesrt @teamtrump: it’s us vs. them! @realdonaldtrump will fight for you! #bigleaguetruth #debates"my pro-growth econ plan:✅eliminate excessive regulations! ✅lean government!✅lower taxes!#debates … hypocrite: @hillaryclinton is the single biggest beneficiary of citizens united in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @donaldjtrumpjr: ironic since hillary has gotten a lot more of that "dark unaccountable money" into her campaign. #debatesrt @teamtrump: "she calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. i will be a president for all of our people." - @realdonaldtrump #bigleag…rt @kellyannepolls: after a decent first debate, @hillaryclinton is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, (woefully untruthful) r…our country has the slowest growth since . #bigleaguetruth #debate"rt @danscavino: we love our deplorables!!!#trumptrain #debates @ac: “how can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of americans?” #deplorables #bigleaguetruth #debatethis country cannot take four more years of barack obama! #debate"we agree @potus-""she'll (hillary clinton) say anything &amp; change nothing. it's time to turn the page"" -president obama"if @hillaryclinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #debate #bigleaguetruthfact ✔️ on “red line” in syria: hrc "i wasn’t there." fact: line drawn in aug ’. hrc secy of state til feb ’. in my administration, every american will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: it's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's largest state sponsor of terror. under trump: n…rt @teamtrump: .@hillaryclinton had her chance and she blew it. #bigleaguetruth #debates rt @teamtrump: "we are going to be thriving again." - @realdonaldtrump #bigleaguetruth #debates we cannot let this evil continue! #debates this is the definition of ransom ⬇ the world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when america is strongest. "here are hillary clinton's ""accomplishments"" at the state department.#debates #rattledhillary rt @teamtrump: #rattledhillary wants to talk about her  years in service. how about her  years of flops↔️flops?! #bigleaguetruth #debat…rt @teamtrump: .@hillaryclinton is raising your taxes to a disastrous level. @realdonaldtrump is going to lower your taxes - big league! #d…history lesson: there’s a big difference between hillary clinton and abraham lincoln. for one, his nickname is hone… "we're going to cut taxes big league for the middle class. she's raising your taxes and i'm lowering your taxes!"""you need both a public and a private position""@hillaryclinton #debates hypocrite! @hillaryclinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with wall street banks. #debatei hope when the msm runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com… .@hillaryclinton - its called extreme vetting! #debates ".@hillaryclinton #icymi- ""we are not in a narrative fight.""@mike_pence #maga rt @teamtrump: only @realdonaldtrump will end what even @billclinton called a crazy system. #bigleaguetruth #debate "#crookedhillary has failed all over the world! 􏰀 #bigleaguetruth #debates rt @realdonaldtrump: attn: @hillaryclinton - why did five of your staffers need fbi immunity?! #bigleaguetruth #debates".@hillaryclinton is not above the law!#debates rt @teamtrump: we agree with bill, obamacare is “the craziest thing in the world.” #bigleaguetruth #debates .@hillaryclinton : bill “clarified” what he meant when calling obamacare a “disaster.” actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #debatewe must repeal obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #magaobama and clinton told the same lie to sell #obamacare. #debates attn: @hillaryclinton - why did five of your staffers need fbi immunity?! #bigleaguetruth #debateshillary’s , deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. that’s a lot of wedding emails. #debatebasically nothing hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #crookedhillaryif i win-i am going to instruct my ag to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.rt @teamtrump: rt if you believe @hillaryclinton is the one who owes america an apology! #bigleaguetruth #debates "donald j. trump's history of empowering women #bigleaguetruththere’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than bill clinton.my words were unfortunate-the clintons’ actions were far worse"rt @teamtrump: quite simply, @hillaryclinton mistreats women. #bigleaguetruth #debate i’m not proud of my locker room talk. but this world has serious problems. we need serious leaders. #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: .@realdonaldtrump is here to talk about the real issues #bigleaguetruth #debates it’s this simple. “make america great again.” #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: .@hillaryclinton just claimed she has a "positive, optimistic view" for america. #debates "my team of deplorables will be taking over my twitter account for tonight's #debate#makeamericagreatagain"join me on #facebooklive as i conclude my final #debate preparations. "the palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing israeli citizens....continued:"exclusive video–broaddrick, willey, jones to bill's defenders: ‘these are crimes,’ ‘terrified’ of ‘enabler’ hillary "la times- usc dornsife sunday poll: donald trump retains  point lead over hillary:so many self-righteous hypocrites. watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!"@henryleledog: @realdonaldtrump this black democrat is on the "trump train"!!""@maidaa: @realdonaldtrump gop traitors! not supporting u is voting for her, destroying america."@charleneosbor: @realdonaldtrump politicians don't count. it's the people. we are behind trump all the way to white house.""@eericmyers: @realdonaldtrump  "republican leadership" should have only one job: help elect the nominee we voted for, donald j. trump.""@jodygirl: @realdonaldtrump i am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with #trump! #dtmag  thank you."exclusive — video interview: bill clinton accuser juanita broaddrick relives brutal rapes:tremendous support (except for some republican "leadership"). thank you.thank you to my great supporters in wisconsin. i heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!rt @atensnut: hillary calls trump's remarks "horrific" while she lives with and protects a "rapist".  her actions are horrific.rt @atensnut: how many times must it be said? actions speak louder than words. dt said bad things!hrc threatened me after bc raped me.the media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  i will never drop out of the race, will never let my supporters down! #magacertainly has been an interesting  hours!here is my statement. thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of hurricane matthew. look out for neighbors, and listen… "@kevcirilli: trump speaking in exact same tone he did in waterville valley on /. the night i first realized he was gonna be gop nominee"new national rasmussen poll: thank you tennessee! #maga vote #trumppence on //! 'donald trump: a president for all americans' "volunteer to be a trump election observer. sign up today!#makeamericagreatagainrt @donaldjtrumpjr: great group at our victory office in columbus, ohio. i'm incredibly grateful to have so many… rt @ivankatrump: thank you angie phillips for inviting me to tour your plant middletown tube works. #ohio praying for everyone in florida. hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.new virginia poll- thank you! we are going to show the whole world that america is back – bigger, and better, and s… "pennsylvania poll just released. two rallies there on mon- join me!ambridge: wilkes-barre:… "nation's immigration and customs enforcement officers (ice) make first-ever presidential endorsement:"such a great honor! amazing rally in reno, nevada- thank you. make sure you get out on / &amp; vote #trumppence. together, we will put… "reuters polling just out- thank you!#makeamericagreatagain "thank you south carolina! everyone has to get out and vote on //. #makeamericagreatagain… early voting: mn &amp; ia already underway, more states coming up in the next week: oh, me, az, in — check w/local officials for details &amp; vote!"'small business says trump is their pick for president'thank you @senjohnmccain for your kind remarks on the important issue of ptsd and the dishonest media. great to be in arizona yesterday!bill clinton is right: obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  thanks bill for telling the truth.thank you henderson, nv. this is a movement like never seen before! watch some of the rally via my facebook page:… about to begin a rally here in henderson, nevada. new reuters poll just out- thank you! join the movement:… beautiful morning- thank you @iclv! the constant interruptions last night by tim kaine should not have been allowed. mike pence won big!mike pence won big. we should all be proud of mike!rt @mike_pence: history teaches us that weakness arouses evil. america needs to be strong on the world stage. #vpdebate rt @teamtrump: rt if you agree - @hillaryclinton &amp; @timkaine are wrong for america! #vpdebate #maga rt @teamtrump: .@timkaine's abortion flip-flops: from valuing the sanctity of life --&gt; pro-abortion demagogue #vpdebate "@anyonetennis: @timkaine cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #pence vs the other guy...so obvious @foxnews"  so true!"@gsimmonsginny: @realdonaldtrump ..kaine is awful, trump and pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see america great again!"clinton’s top aides were mired in conflict of interest at the state department: #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth""@flifeforce: @_cfj_ @vine that is a reason to not vote for hillary clinton. vote for liberty! vote for @realdonaldtrump"".@hillaryclinton’s careless use of a secret server put national security at risk:  #vpdebate#bigleaguetruth""clinton is weak on north korea: #vpdebate""rt @teamtrump: obama-clinton failed foreign policy:-bad nuclear deal-ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror-sharing classifie…"rt @teamtrump: .@hillaryclinton &amp; @timkaine think you're #deplorables &amp; #basementdwellers. @realdonaldtrump &amp; @mike_pence think you're patr…"clinton’s close ties to putin deserve scrutiny: #vpdebate""sanctions relief from clinton-obama iran nuclear deal likely go to terrorists: #bigleaguetruth #vpdebate"".@timkaine is wrong for defense:  #bigleaguetruth #vpdebate"icymi: pence: i ran a state that worked; kaine ran a state that failed. .@timkaine is the anti-defense senator. #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth rt @teamtrump: we need strong, broad-shouldered leadership like @mike_pence &amp; @realdonaldtrump in the white house! #vpdebate #bigleaguetrut…"clinton’s flailing syria policy was judged a failure: #vpdebate"rt @gop: in @timkaine's own words ⬇️ #debates ".@mike_pence and i will defeat #isis. #vpdebate""what they are saying about mike pence “dominating” the debate: #vpdebate""i agree mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #vpdebate ""police officers are the best of us...""@mike_pence"".@hillaryclinton sneers at millions of average americans. #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth"rt @teamtrump: “police officers are the best of us. law enforcement in this country is a force for good." - @mike_pence #vpdebate #bigleagu…"@geeveem: @realdonaldtrump @susiesentinel pence is so prepared! he did his homework to outperform kaine."rt @teamtrump: law enforcement officers bring communities together &amp; keep us safe. @mike_pence &amp; @realdonaldtrump respect &amp; stand by them!…rt @seanspicer: .@timkaine wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders #vpdebate.@timkaine oversaw unemployment increase by , while @mike_pence decreased unemployment in indiana by ,.… "@aldonturnaolco: @frankluntz @marthamaccallum @realdonaldtrump good!!""@bcuzimdamomma: @freedavidking no she only gets #americans killed #benghazi - we need @realdonaldtrump #maga""@ifdanyt: @realdonaldtrump loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible. kaine is just talking bull!"@carol_lcnixon: @realdonaldtrump kaine says hillary and he have plans. she could care less what kaine thinks.""@arsenmissyirvin: i want a "you're fired" president with people in govt who are wasting my tax $'s. @realdonaldtrump".@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!"@teamtrump: .@mike_pence &amp; @realdonaldtrump are proven job creators and are prepared to bring jobs back to the american people!"@jnelson: @realdonaldtrump @susiesentinel kaine looks like an evil crook out of the batman movies""@elisac: @nycmia @realdonaldtrump i agree. kaine looks like a fool!!"rt @teamtrump: .@timkaine has a pay-to-play problem just like crooked @hillaryclinton #vpdebates #bigleaguetruth "@bigdog_joey: @realdonaldtrump @timkaine is so angry. our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagainrt @mike_pence: there’s one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the american economy. #vpdebate rt @joshrogin: pence is right. clinton &amp; obama tried to negotiate an iraq troop extension but failed. bush admin always anticipated such an…"@susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than kaine #cbsnews @realdonaldtrump""@lainey: @realdonaldtrump great opening pence💕""@roadkingl: @mike_pence wow, kaine couldn't go  seconds without a lie. marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi".@megynkelly- i am in nevada. sorry to inform you kellyanne is in the audience. better luck next time.both are looking good! now we begin!here we go - enjoy!i will be live-tweeting the v.p. debate. very exciting! make america great again!wow, @cnn is so negative. their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. i'm turning to @foxnews where we get a fair shake! mike will do greatwow, did you just hear bill clinton's statement on how bad obamacare is. hillary not happy. as i have been saying, repeal and replace!"join the movement! thank you arizona! this is a movement like nobody has ever seen before. together, we are going to make america safe… my childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #americafirst means… i will be watching the great governor @mike_pence and live tweeting the vp debate tonight starting at :pm est! enjoy!"join me in reno, nevada tomorrow at :pm! #americafirst #magatickets: 